It has a high density population because its small territory .
I have my own plan too but I do n't same to them , I want to become a Journalist .
Next , I will have a chance appear in big parties or events and I can make friends with famous person - It 's interesting !
To be Journalist , I must study very hard so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream comes true .
Before was really convenient to go by bus or by train but with the new economy the travel tickets are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go far then near .
I remember from my town Palermo in Italy to go to Milan was about 340 pounds , now if we are lucky we can arrive to New York .
In England where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .
I love this sport . I look forward to the weakened , to go out with my bike and my group of friends .
The movie is about Lucy 's family that moves into a farmhouse , mysterious and
The story actually takes place in a camp , and farmhouse , mysteriously
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
I miss my big house but I do n't miss the guns .
In the following decades revolution and civil smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
In that time I did not know nobody , just one .
But when I was there I began to make new friends that I never thougth I was going to have , and I never thoungth the way that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
We stayed in Zacatecas like a week we really had a good time .
We were very happy there we really like Taxco .
Actually I was already been there before but not with my friends .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there that was an incledible experience that I will never forget .
In biathlon sportsmen need to run some races , which a very different , some of that are long , some are short .
Sometimes weather conditions are not comfortable for guys , for example : wind , light frog or freeze , all of that are very difficult conditions .
And also most of them are very attractive , big advantage for girls , whose like nice pictures .
Using public transport can be not easy , because we have a strict time and normally we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely desconfortable .
Sometimes the employers do strike and we clients do not known in time as a result we can not get on time to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but the public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantange are not so good actually .
For me car is the best and you ?
Well however your choice is , it is necessary to be perfect for your daily life !
However you use Have a nice trip !
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema 's enthusiast , and they are in the correct way . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film especially when it is a thriller than doing sport ,
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job due to that , the spectators were waiting with bated breath as the final of this film will be .
However , the soundtrack was awful , it did n't get having a scared .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you had spent a good time given than it achieves keeping in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve because my country is so poor and beside it is considered one of third world countries and another think must be taken into consideration is they the politicians are horrible they have destroyed my country
When we ask ourselves , how can we take care of the environment ?
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .
Also in the sort way , we should go walking to the destination.icle
If we are working with sameone in the same jobs , and who lives near or he is our neighbour , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oil .
They should have healthy habits and with their examples they can improve the habits of the population .
I love sports but I did not get much opportunities to play a sport . I born in a village in India , my parents are farmers like most of other villagers .
We bought television in 1888 , after that I became a fan of cricket .
Sachin and Ganguly was my favorite cricketers , I love their batting .
That was a special family it was so big ; his father has 6 brothers ! , so he has 17 cousins counting his little sister .
In total they were 32 pelople , a white kittie and a dog .
About 10 minutes later they started to get bored , they heard a girl calling they to enter the plane .
When the big family get out of the plane , they realize that they were wearing too much clothes , it was boiling ! !
There they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm .
SOme minutes later they designate how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
Of course , in summer I like to exercise more than in winter but this do n't stop me .
For those people , who want to start to exercise the street workout I 'm advising to start with basic exerscises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
After some time when you will be feeling that you are ready for more , you can start to study more difficult exercises .
Moreover she fired her without her mobile or money .
Once he came , his mother asked him to up quickly acting that she was tired .
Michael believed his mother although he observed marks of hitting on his wife 's shape .
Some historians claim there were 20 over inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
Everyone eagerly waiting for the ambulance arrival but still not yet reached the reason is our college location is little far from the city that 's why it is getting late .
We were waiting patiently , finally the ambulance arrived and take him into the hospital immediately .
And as for me I 've been going in for sport for several years .
If you do n't have training for a long time your body will feel something unusual .
In my city the environment 's protection is so difficult .
Instead to use a selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have used the dumpfill that is prejudice the soil .
Most of the organizations known how is affect managemant acountant practice on them work , therefore they are chossing good programme and employee .
I have been in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
At first , I had called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight before two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing agent .
we should clean our area to attract visitor and introduce to many other countries in the world.let protect our lung
Hi today i 'm gon na talk about myself .
I have 9 sisters with me we 10 .And 9 brothers .
My dear Daniel .
I just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .
This summer happened to me several things , I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best was when I went to a wedding because it was the event that more memories bring me this summer .
We got there at five o'clock , we had not yet reached many people , so take the opportunity to give the gift that was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new , as the bride loved .
Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave , it was a long day but a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
Michenstain was a very tiny city that was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
Monsteration was a very lively monster he always migrates to the north every Monday .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all the architecture from the city , and a lot of bad things .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster , in other words , he was convert in other monster body .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I thing that it have no cure , it was called " The Monsteration Infectations " .
( On those times there were diverse monster , but none of them was like him ; he was in the number 1 rank of the monster in destroying things . )
I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activities for that reason I have taken some English courses many years ago .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
Currently I 'm working like teacher at the university and to teach in English have been my gol .
I 'm sure I 'll have many mistakes but I feel good because I must write and write and write I need to improve my English level . I must not fell bad if I want finally learn English very well .
If you want to start working out you should be ready for big load on your muscles
In the afternoon I went to my dance classes .
On the weekend I stay at home . I start reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing , I was laughing a lot because the things that the characters said .
The next day I went with my friends to see a movie .
Later in the week I pass the day drawing .
This was what I did in my vacations , I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacations .
As per the today topic " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that please be patient my English is not too good as you readers think .
So , lets start ,
Most of the Metro cities are now days attract people of city towards Metro only not just because of the fare but because of the time that it saves .
Metro is good for even health of the people as no pollution and all because it runs on electricity and also it connect most of the city as Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
Other than that public transport is also not good for Natural resources which is not good for the future of the country .
I am an English student where I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed on the FCE which is a well recognised certificate .
In 2010 I graduated in electronics engineering .
From June to September of the 2013 I worked for a tourism company , my position had involved take after of groups of people going to England , this previous experience makes me suitable for this job announced .
I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .
By applying for the job offered I am willing to work in all different sorts of job , I do not matter which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
To sum up I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my application .
My faithfully
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
Just a few years ago we started to use a special road line .
But the problem is Russian drivers are not getting used to keep this line free .
For example American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train , I mean come in exact time like a train .
In this faculty I faced some problems with my english , I began to ask " How can I improve my english ? "
all of the answer was " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " I said okay I have to depend on myself , I began to join groups on facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others , I followed them immediately .
to teach children and adults in my country good English and I will avoid traditional education .
I know that is a very amazing dream but I pray Allah to give me all means to achieve my future dream .
the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give stimolous for consumers .
One day in October , Michael a boy was studying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a box , he heard a door .
In this moment a big man went into the bedroom .
He spoke with his father and he asked him because he was there and his father responded that he had the biggest secret about his family .
" In the past Matilde your mother killed your brother , although she had a reason , he was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number , it could be a mistake by service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure already sent to service centers .
In issued notice it clearly states that all defect parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
So please advise all service centers to return defect parts to Slovakia instead of England .
My favourite sport is swimming because as soon as start this sport you feel better .
When I am stay in water I feel free and very hastily .
You start and then you explain to me how are you ?
I was born on friday the 13 , that 's funny .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
I got 1 sister , her name is Tina , she is annoying .
She 's 9 or 10 years old I do n't really know .
I like to be in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do nt like homework but I do nt forget it , I am good to tease my little sister and I am proud of it .
I also got an cat her name is chelsea .My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I see forward to friday when I am going to cinema with my friends , we 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 jump street , Lord of the rings , The tv - show : suits , The walking dead and maybe south park and family guy .
I like all from pop , electronic , hip hop to calm music .
I am watching a few tv - series but I watch them over the internet so I am not trying to time the clock to see a episode .
Hi my name is Elliot and I like tv games and lego .
I have two parents like the most people .
I do n't know so many parents but whatever .
I like books too but I ca n't read so good so I am not reading so hard books with hundreds of pages .
I like to talk English at school too but my friends do n't like when I talk it in school so I talk Swedish ther .
We have our knowledge easier and we learn more easier too .
The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : , communication , ...
It is amazing for you if you have enough money to pay for that tour .
Yes , we are solving many trouble with our technology for our feeling , our healthy and our finance too .
You can join to any stock market on over the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stock too and earn some money .
You take the world on your hands with technology to help your life better and better actually but It is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
Public transport have improved the regional development since the past decade , it 's convenient and necessary for a city life .
And , it 's really enough development in our planet , it would be better if we can leave some place blanked , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Today cricket is very famous game in the world .
In my opinion cricket is best for you . You can be a good cricketer .
If I am right continou reading this .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops since clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shoes shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need it is not incredible ?
But for some of them you have to search very well because some of the shops are unique and some other are very good hidden , but for that you have specialized transports that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go
I applied in one music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage is working .
Even there you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
We appreciate kind and hard working people .
My name is Agustina López I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again )
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running and I love the fashion very much like the shoes , make up , bags and clothes .
This summer was the best I went to cuchilla alta with my best friends their name are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Lucía .
I went to the beach , we loved .
I think that it it very interesting and I like it
I learnt lots of things such as dealing with money and tickets and watch movies freely .
Lots of kisses and hugs , please write soon
Firstly as everybody know the cost of the fuel is increasing more and more , adding to those the bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper go around by public transport .
In my town for example , I have been Waiting for up to forty minutes before I could take a bus .
Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .
In conclusion I would really like that politicians who care about public transport will improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and move around much more easily .
You see man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefere to travel by tram .
Maybe , in fact the lands are more big , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
Some years ago we did n't use the technology to get in touch with friends and family but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
It will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things but maybe some bad things too .
There are many physical exercises like swimming but name any game except chess that makes our mind sharp .
I like many other games but the best one is this .
I am not saying that we should always play chess as physical activities are also important .
In that case chess would help him .It would make child mind sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .
The local transportation become difficult and expensive .
I have thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers , above all , and making no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever you choose , such as spinning , that is my favourite sport .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythmn of the music lowder and lowder , this gives me high energy each time I went spinning .
If you want to start practising some sport , first of all think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you are having a good time go ahead and do the most of your time enjoying sport , nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
the more sport you practise the better you feel , indeed , your mood would not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
If we take a look on the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities almost all people go to work by public transport .
First , the bank notes should be considerated how to design included background colour , artwork and security issues .
Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
I believe that use your car has a lot of advantages or benefits , it is more comfartable and less expensive .
From Monday to Friday I do it at home , at weekends I attend yoga classes .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking , Man has been able to invent machines , which they have been put to work automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people form hard work .
The disadvantage , however , is that because of the machines many people have lost their jobs
I read your letter , I would like to know some details about what places do you want to visit .
I advise you to visit Queretaro it has had an excellent service with foreign people since five years ago .
Nowadays people get around constantly .
In recent years the numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .
Also it has to say that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , use public transport wo n't be necessary .
transport are are important but car is more reliable for families they went together without waiting for transport .
I live in a city named Tangerang it is in Indonesia .
it caused our river some big problems such as disease , unpleasant smell , flood , etc .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizen to be more responsible for what they did . and , I think it 's enough from me .
I suppose , the government also have studied this situation too .
I hope Indonesian government take an action about this situation because if it continues then Indonesia would be the most unclean country over the other countries .
After the class Alison joined her friends .
She transcribed the letter with a lot of passion because it was evident that Juan was interested in Alison too .
Like in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in the back so that going swimming is really beneficial for me .
For example : Transport .
Every day people thinking about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food , why ?
What happened with us .....
I remembered that my childhood was very quite , happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Really , I told you that I was like a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portion : soup and meal deal .
So we can started from beginning : firstly , was breakfast which included some cereals with hot milk .
Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee but more than often just has time for half mug and runs to work .
During a day I have lunch which is from can or order some junky food .
When weekend coming I have a plan for special dinner which is like home made but do n't have time again .
she stayed there and read again the note the address was near to the big ben .
She turned her haid and saw him " he was fowling me " she thought"well , I should ask him what are he doing here "
" What are you doing here " ask Alison he looks her but with a bad smile , and turn his head
Since this moment they will have maturity and responsibility .
However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel , they start to work .
The job , provides , as well the trip , responsibility and experencie .
Finally , to make a decision to not go in a university when you finish the high school , is n't the easiest action to make .
If in a city people are using more public transport than their own private vehicle then it will help to protect environment and traffic as well .
A car is being made so Eco friendly and user friendly that it is more
Many people said that at school all the students have to start a sport and frequent that one regularly .
AAs an example if a student need to recuperate a subject or have to take a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
In contrast do a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility but the most important thing is that we are always active e our body can get good results .
To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
would be available again .
I do everything but nothing .
In my opinion to watch TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
There is one argument that shows , that the TV promotes us .
The main reason for this is , that the TV is teaching us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
A good example of this are the many informative news , which we are allowed to get .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us while others do believe that it can also educate .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun he or she can just choose the right Chanel or movie such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
Meanwhile if an individual wants to learn from TV .
TV provides lots of cognitive programs like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat as well .
Nothing is permanent in this world , I 've knew these words from the mouth of my parents and until now it is in my heart that help me to deal with this kind of life .
Everybody has the right one for a change but it should be for the betterment and not for the worse .
The people already do not buy a CD , simply downloads it
It is a shame that a person is working during many moths for after the people want enjoying his work without having to pay , it is literally to steal .
The singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy , now most their income are the concerts and digital platform like Spotify .
Today , many people , groups or social movements are disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , the marriage or the age for married , the role of women in the family , the religions , the education and new ways of family and many values .
The culture is changing in this way , maybe it can be wonderful for the human freedom .
At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
The truth of matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but unfortunately I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
However I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John decided take a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
There are Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and the most exciting is to buy chocolates .
They said , they already planned and Michael happily ruined the vacation .
Michael can not stand anymore , he scolded his friends and saying something that anyone do not want to hear .
She said , money can make everyone hurt if it is not settle down very well .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic after they arrived they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn they waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
she was very fine
I am not different from that.there is a back stairs influence in my life he is none but my father .
He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember one day he was advising me suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .
Nevertheless my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
Everyone make mistakes , No one say I have not made any mistake in my life .
But is that big problem in our life or small problem or it really does not matter ?
However travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not such convenient as getting a car , but you would never know what can happen with your car , where it will stuck or some of other accedient will happen .
And also we have to understand that use public transport is cheaper than use a car .
We can play music or talk anything while we travel in the car
So If we have our car , it is much easier than using transport .
Write to me if you have fixed your itinerary and looking forward to see you in Hong Kong .
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will deliver us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car , yes , a car we have been using all our lives .
But this time will be another story because in order to save time and money we are going to use our own car .
Let me explain my reasons , when you drive your car you can take it from your garage or in the main door of your house and it gets you whatever you want , but on the other hand if you take public transport it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you must pick the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time , otherwise is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have some coins to pay the bus driver ? here comes the problem .
Obviously you are late to work , even if you have an appointment to make an interview for a job .
She read a note from her boyfriend Tom .
When she arrived at a shopping centre Tom is already waiting .
Then , Symba save to Pumba of a lion and this lion is Nala who is an old friend of Symba .
My name is shousheng and live in Montreal Canada .
Alrough Canada is an English country however in Montreal , the offical language is Freach .
So I do not have opptunity to practical English Because most of my colleagues speak French .
They speak French in the meeting , in the gearm , and in the shopping
When I have a free time I usually run because I feel really relaxed after that .
I was inspired by a true ledgend , his name is Edan Hazard .
That all I can say . I love football very much
yes we can say that for car is much convenient . but every person could not be afford car .
that 's first fact .
From the Red Square you can easily see Moscow Kremlin , St. Basils Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Trading House .
If you are dying of hunger you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at the restaurant # 57 , which on the the third floor of the Gum .
There are lots of facilities such as sports centre , ping pong club , hire centre etc .
I 'm only fifteen years old but I think I have a heavy past ..
We did n't have a lot of money but I went to a private elementary school .
I had a lot of friends , too much friends ..
I remember two contrats moments : One day we had to create a team to make an exercise which used brain , they chose me .
Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then all changed ..
In an English speaking country , everyday you learn to live .
It is difficult to go to a place unknown with different people but is a good experience to learn .
Not so , therefore , we must study very English .
sometimes I feel tired of walking especially in the sunny days with a high temperatures , but that ca n't let me stop doing this sport .
I want to give advice to people who love thing type of sport ; please do not let it go , and do it as you can , because it 's a benefit sport .
I have just graduated from faculty of law " English division " from two years ago , with very good grade .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had exerted in my university to have good job in my specialization like a lawyer .
But in Egypt no one takes his right you should pay a lot of money to have a job or knowing someone use his authority to appoint you .
So , I intended to get a job in another state like Dubai , I heard jobs there is very good and also the compensation . I have submit my CV in various jobs .
your qualifications are not satisfied , You must be UK Or USA educated .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks in education but not have the ability to work in the real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
I do not think , it 's easy to do research in India .
Even if once a time , I want to focus on my work they will create one or the other issue to distract me .
The reasons for stress are more diverse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplems or because we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
Remmeber the stress is not lasting thing , and you can avoid it
In my opinion the main course needs a lack of improvement .
Secondly there are not much variety of dessert mainly fruits and puddings .
There is not much variety of healthy drinks , there not much hot drinks as well .
Some people say that in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan e.c.t and they do not have much variety of food to choose like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
Reduce the fast food that make people obese and not healthy .
It will be better if you gave drinks compared to the weather like whenever its winter we would like a hot drink and if it is summer we would like a chilled drink .
The first time in London , for 6 months , and most recently in Berlin , for 8 months .
I actually loved it quite a lot , I just loved all the suspense and the parts they leave you hanging , it 's just way too interesting , the movie is about the american government who annually gives 12 hours where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whoever you want .
At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed considering the colour matching and artwork including the issues about safety .
Then , it comes to the printing step .
Many people believe that nowdays there is no future in public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the tought that they do help for example for travelling for long distance .
Firstly , there is plenty of people who ca nt buy a car and so the only option they have is to travel by these transports .
The ticket does nt cost to mutch and it is avaible for the majority of the people at least comparing to buying a car .
But , by obseving all these people you can rich yourself with different cultures and manners the other have and incorporate new topics .
To conclude we can establish a middle point .
That week I felt happy and relaxed but I was a little bit sad when we returned in Italy .
Nowadays my people have their own transport , for example they have cars .
Without transport people can not go back to work and do something else .
With public transport , is the best way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
No need to pay a full amount because they have many people who entered the bus .
For example , we should walk to go in a place whereas a car can park in the place which we want to go .
It helps us in many difficult ways , if they have a problem we can take a bus and go there .
All village they have a bus - stop where the bus stop to take or leave passengers .
Without it many people will have many difficult to go somewhere or to return home .
However , they have some disadvantages with a public transport , they gave many traffic jam , this is because the bus a large and difficult to control .
The bus would not leave the passengers where they want to go , because they have to leave them in the bus - stop .
Day by day the country develop more and more , nowadays they have trains .
Dear Kuba !
And for this reason I honestly think it will be the only means of transport in the future .
However , there are also an endless of leisure activities such as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks
D. Perhaps , bilingual school creation might be a good idea of Colombian education improvement , but it will be appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .
It depends five main steps which include desigh , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and distraction or disposal depends on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
Nevertheless , in my opinion the most precious of the revolution is the modern security measure through such a muti - developed society .
To begin with is design , we are able to considerate backgroud colour , artwork , and security issues , and then , we are supposed to preparing mental plates , such as skilled and machinists .
So , the ugly truth is my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards this .
In the right corner there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to been allowed to sell knives .
It is a fact that on the one hand you have the opportunity to buy dangerous weapons nowadays but on the other hand we are unable to manage this situation correctly .
Max and his family had been in their holidays for two weeks now , this year they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .
Unfortunately Max was not as excited as his family , he had never been really into animals .
Today for some reason he got this feeling that something interesting will happend .
He walked and walked thinking what could it be , until after a long time walking he realised he did not know where he was .
Suddenly , he heard something , was it an animal ? , he thinked .
And then he realised it was an enourmous , lion .
Max freeze he did not know what to do .
Max for some reason stroked him and the lion smiled .
But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum."Max where are you ? " she screamed , the lion dissapear in one second , running .
So Max walked into her , and said " here mom , do n't worry lets go into the hotel . "
Max spend the rest of the day thinking in that lion until he got into his room."what an mazing day ! "
Dear teacher :
I have no issue in reading speaking or lesining .
For example , new computersare smaller in size than the old computers , also they are faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files an other staff like apps
For example in our school there is the possibility to collect paper and plastic in different boxes .
In the last year some political men have decided to put in order our city , so for example they put again to place the roads .
For example , when a man or a woman has ended to smoke he / she throws the earth cigarette not in the right box .
I think it would be important that , not only in the family , but also in the school could be grow a new generaion sensible to ecological problems of the earth .
In this way we can have the possibility to change .
When I was child I ususally play with my friends of football .
This sport was very happier for me but a day I broke my leg and then I never played more of football .
Although I do jogging I also do other sport the swimming .
On the one hand This sport is good for my health I stay fit .
On the other hand I have met a lot of people , they are very friendly .
And finally only I tell you that you should do some sport It is good for us life .
The man was professional , and gave him accurate pieces of advice .
Off the top of his head he had asked his nephew to go to the fishing together .
I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did from small I like large speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
This problems are topical in our city Kyiv to .
Nowadays our local governmet is making some desisions for improving the situation .
this days the transportation become so crawdad .we have a lot of cars in the streets .
if every body know that there are a punishment for what they do and no body can escape from what he did I guess we will have a few of transportations accident .
The bank notes is designed considerately , workers need to design it backgrounds coler and artwork .
Then , the notes will be prepared with metal plates .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and it will images sightly raised .
In Cádiz , in summer there are a lot of oportunitis to work .
Almost , you are a great athlete so , You could teach surfing , football or other sports .
on the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so , you could find a job with waiter .
I order 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 but until now I do n't have my order in my hand .
If until 17 March my order not come yet I will cancel my order and I want 100% refund for my money .
I really want to go to a big school in the town because here in the countryside I can go out with my friends or go shopping with them .
You can go to the shopping , to the halfpipes , to the skateparks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends but in the countryside no .
But you must go to the school that you want , this is just my advice ok ?
In this way , you can maybe read aloud .
If I were a student that usually studies in a library I would definitely try to study on a computer .
In this way I would n't waste a lot of time .
If somebody says that there is no future for public transport i mind immediately . today there are too many vehicles in our streets .
Also , the humans ca n't go to the Street all day , only a few hours for the hot climate .
According to the reality a lot of young people are n't very communicated in their life .
For example in your childhood you are much more happiest than your Parents because their job is not very easy .
Firstly , young people usually calm down trough the music for example classic music .
for instance they prefer Pop or also rock music .
Through you listen the music you can expressed your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
Usually the watch criminal series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
Across style we can express our emotions and feelings .
hi my name is Adrian i am 17 years old and i am footballer . I was born too be a footballer .
I was even better than the older children everyone was telling me too go to a team .
but i dident had too do anything , a team took when i was 11 years old .
I played so good that everyone gave me congratulations but that s not all one of the best team of the world wanted too take me .
I was very happy and of course i agreed .
Already , for only 20 years a lot of thing because of the technology .
And I think that iy 's not a technology will change but the people and their caracteres themselves .
Unfortunaly , for this generation there wo n't be a real relationship , all relation will become a virtual relationship .
It will be the good thing that we can spend our time for a good thing
In some people 's lives the most important is to wear fashionable clothes .
On the other hand , the personality is more important and determinative than an expensive dress , it is a fact .
It is inevitably true that , excessive use of public transport leads to higher level of pollution .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day .In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training with a coach of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parents to a hotel to eat and stay with some friends , after the food meet with friend 's of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it was delicious .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid and that match won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
when I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and tourist attraction of the British monarchy
continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for perservation thereof park
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the big ben that is the most beautiful bullding in all its splendour when I will take pictures
later , I 'll take the underground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm trawiling in it
when I 'll leave of the underground in the station wembley park I going to the wembley stadium where I will enjoy an evening of football , the match started at 8:00pm
My favorite band is " cbjr " , its a brazillian band , the type of music is rock and rap , yours music are very easy to single .
Education has a crucial part in one society and it 's future and by improving the level of educations system , students can learn more effectively in their entire education life and their career but also their skills will be improved by this process .
Hopefully , they will reach not only earn more money in their entire life but also society will have more development shape in any other developed counties .
How are you ? Hope everything 's fine ,
Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spain , all my friends and I are having a party and it 'll be fantastic if you were able to come .
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future .Public transport causes many problems in our environment such as , difficult reaching to the nearest destination , the pollution , and causing diseases .
Hence this will help people to be in a good health .
we won the 1st position , and got the cup of competition.if anyone attends to play this game , he should practice hard to be able to play it proffesionaly .
Further to the trade fair of the last week where we were a pleasure to meet you and we were talking about you courses .
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father teaches me what was football , and I loved it but , I really liked the goalkeepers , why I like football since childhood .
Football is a sport where anything can happen , no always win the best teams and is unpredictable , there is n't a dream team .
And if you do n't like do sport you can watch the matches of the teams around the world .
But with this gadget , we have a big problem : people are becoming isolated , we are living in our own world .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like : call someone , text , take pics , listen to music , watch movies , play games , wake you up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access the social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unthinkable things we can do .
But now , children want to have one as soon as possible , they do n't play hide and seek and play sports like before .
And people are getting isolated , once I saw a mother using your mobile instead of taking care of her baby !
The pie charts illustrate the amount of household earnings allocation within regular families in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 )
Regarding the pie charts , there were significantly increased in the number of earnings allocation for Housing and Food / Clothes from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 respectively .
Furthermore , there was a slight decrease in Vacations / leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010
Learn how to walk before learn how to run , the opponents contend the children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
Confronting with challenges , primary students are struggled on the difference between first language and the learning one .
Primary school , the best moment for learning , children are easier and faster to gain knowledge .
Rather than concern about the challenges , children would confront with , it is particularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elementary school .
Given that these children would have a better development in the future as well as more free time .
it is a story of a boy , who always find out the way to tease her sister sukh .
one day he got fight with her sister , even he made her cry.both of them stop talking to each other and after some day the boy need laptop of her sister sukh .
sukh was so angry with him because he heart her a lot , sukh refuse to give her laptop and her brother start again fighting with her and even he slapped her sister .
In my opinion people 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , because the world is changing all the time , and we have a lot of technology and things to do .
Then she started talking : " Welcome pretty boy , I am waiting for you , please sit down " .
As you well know , rose 's life is your hands " she said and keep talking:" ... You are the only one , that can save her life , but before you must comply with your promise"."I Know it " he replied with a sad tone .
I do not care he thought , maybe I lost my soul but now she is alive .
on the last vacation I went to France , to Paris with my colleague Sebastian for 2 weeks .
Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes where we could not reach ,
By accident we ran into a good fairy who , with the young learned to all language in the world and thus led our stadium .
We made friends with this fairy after one entire day walking with her feel like you we knew each other a lifetime .
My mum says that I do n't eat fruits or vegetables never so I will eat more fruits or vegetables .
One day will be like him .
We meet soon man .
A hour later we went to the London Eye .
One of the most favorite books for me is , the power of your subconscious mind .
letter written to report , about awful environment situation in my city !
first of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishment for littering!Also from the government side to increase of trash bins and facility staff members .
In the supermarket you can find a container for batteries .
Not only the supermartket has these containers , they are also in the schools of the neighbourhood .
In my opinion this gives a good example of the involness of the local government .
It is not easy to adapt a new learning environment , the language is the biggest difficulty .
As family and friends do not accompany , students must do a lot from basic living to future studies .
It is hard to live overseas alone , Therefore , making friends from the same country can assist one another .
I was born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm , when I was four I moved to Danderyd .
I have a big brother , he 's 14 and goes on friberga as well his name is Ulric in 8f2 .
My favorite activity is football , it 's very funny to play it with all my friends , I also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .
I also like to play video games I play with my friends , my favourite games is FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some other .
I have lived in stockholm , and in two houses in Danderyd but no more places .
I do n't know which is the best plays I have been in but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most is an island next to gotland and I have been there since I was 0 years .
We always goes to the beach which is very nice and when it 's sunny and warm is better than the Mediterranean .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of but when I do a nice goal i gets proud because it 's feel good especially when it 's an important goal that maybe change the game .
I would like to be the best football player in the world , a Youtuber or take over a big company .
It often hard to go up in the morning , I always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .
That I have been dancing for two years but I stopped because I did n't had time .
I do n't have a favourite movie , I like many but the movies I like the most is funny and action .
I like a lot of songs but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again with J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing to .
I do n't only like soft music I also like pop music and house music .
I like to watch South Park it 's really funny and I have almost seen every 17 seasons I also like to watch youtube videos every day .
I like a lot of food but the most meat food is good and pizza .
The aim of this report is to describe and assess shops , which could be interesting for tourists .
The one , which is really worthy to see is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
Also joining a team will be a great idea .
The environment is an important part of our life contributing in a positive way in our part of life without even concern about important parts for us to survive .
Without forest ca n't be animals and the human being can disappear .
I notice that in supermarkets are using so much plastic just to cover a small thing or are using many plastic bags without even think how vulnerable is for the environment .
I used to live for a short time in a place where word recycle was completely ignored but they used to this because that was n't so rich .
Where I live now I noticed that have the opportunity to recycling the waste because it is a posh area .
In my opinion I think the government should take care of all area , even is a poor or rich area .
Some people from area which I live they used to feed the birds but others they do n't even care .
To keep all the nature alive we must contribute everyone of us for future generation .
you must not wait for your car but you must wait the public transport .
Kike is my best friend , I met him when we were studying in the primary school , then we were six or seven years old .
Moving on to the physical description , I want to talk about that Kike is a man really high , his height is 1,95 meters .
He has a strong voice . that with his appearance , looks him impressive .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer and always help me with all my professional problemns .
I want to turn to his hobbies , when he is n't working , he is riding on a bike ,
every evening he takes the bike and rides across some paths for more than forty kilometers by day , so he is very good rider and its quite strong to ride with him .
To conclude I want to say that I 'm the godfather of his eldest son .
My wife is a very special person to me , I like her very mush .
I met her in University 20 years ago , She is 4 years younger than me .
In addition to that She has a pretty face , dark skin , black eyes and long brown hair .
She is very kind , sensitive and quiet She also has an attractive personality and a big heart but she is very nervous .
She makes a great food to us , I like to cook with her and eat from her hand ;
They like take pattern modeled on older people , who are popular on the Internet .
In this age people like being better than their friends and they like distinguish oneself .
I usually work in the kitchens so it does not bother me .
Therefore I think that I am the suitable person for the job .
yesterday night , i went to a restaurant with my family ..
my family ordered the dinner but l ordered specially pizza and coke because l love pizza .
l love that day spent with my family ..
However , a few years ago the government has paid more attention to the environment to our country ; for example they made a lot of advertisement on televion , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that the rubbish is not good for our world .
In the future , we must do an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or if it is possible a better world than before to our sons .
Cars are much convenient but this not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .
sometimes many people want to travel faraway along distances so they need planes .
Many countries like to travel by bikes in order to decrease the pollution which happened by car exhausted.to my point of view i prefer travelling by cars which is more comfortable .
public transportation is the mean reason to delivery people everywhere in a small time . in the past the had to use camels to travel which waste lot of time and tiredness .
If we use our public transport services .
Everybody thinking like the public transport is not comfort for us , but environmentally the public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and our energy sources also decrease .
In my opinion it 's the one of the most fascinating place in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
This restaurant will be an amazing place to the call meet there because like I said before the atmosphere and food are amazing .
On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses which let out CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to the serious air pollution .
I start this sport when I was 11 years old , my dad let me go to box and I start that sport .
I think is better the idea that the people to use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles
Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to lower the congestion and air pollution by encourage people to use less private cars and turn to use more public transportation and other forms for transportation
It was a cold day at night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on my telly called " dare to win " , I was with my brother , when we decided to call , The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answer in correct time , and there is a different things for the winner .
A few minutes later we were listening ourselves in the programme , we were so nervous but it was exciting for us , our goal in the programme was get a free ticket for the most popular electronic party in the world .
Despite our nervous we did it well ! and our dream come true , yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
As the secretary of the English Language club I am writing you this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students , and the college if we would receive funding from you .
I am writing to aplaay for the job in the USA , published in an advertisement , last Monday .
Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities private cars are more attractive for most poeple .
Actually I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including apple 's store .
However from now one we can buying what we really need , on the other hand this shopping may help a lot of people get back working again .
A few weeks ago I went into apple 's store , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it has reliable tools which allows me doing my daily working .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
In conclusion , for me it is a lie that the public transportation has no future , however , they have to make improvements to this like the use of better ways of fuel or energy , one way is using renovable sources of energy such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Also there are biodisel , and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
Dear Anne . Thank for your letter asking about my fmily and my Friends .
Nowadays , It is possible to find any kind of Tvs programmes you want and yes , I consider that there is very much sport on television , but , not too much .
When somedoby to get at home he wants only relax in front of Television .
In this view , I consider , though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they are not too much , because the people have looke for it .
The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy that has a huge followers in several countries .
The album with eleven tracks that reach top one , won a gold and silver certifications for the best - selling in diverse countries as the USA , Canada and the UK .
This American band is known for their lyrics that hold something different from other the bands something close to a emocional statement .
I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound because it catch you , almost like a great poetry .
The Information trhough of the Internet , had beem each day more quickly and it is reaching all parts of the world .
Furthermore the things and process is in evolution .
Although , the advancement of technology , besides than bring advantages for everyone , it 's also will cause disadvantages , such as unemployment because machines will make the same or work better than humans .
Also the last summers helped me to be preparing on more things that the children demand children .
For an example I learned about the organization , how control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
second , all you have to do is warm your body , if you do n't warm it before the race you might hurt yourself .
Third all you can do is play for fun with your friends .
Without travelling people would be very bored , life would be very monotunes .
In the past , it was n't like that , people had not had cars , they were only rely on puplic transport .
We visited many cities like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we saw a lot of monuments of Greek history .
We stayed in three different hotels and one day , we went also to the sea in Giardini Naxos .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruines and they were really beautifuland also the panorama was amazing !
That day , there was a great time and it was sunny and hot ; I took a lot of photos and I learned new particulars about these important buildings .
To be honest I do n't believe in Ufo .
in addition more and more scientists agree with alien really exist
I am person that like going to do exercise , for this reason I like practise some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport all around the world is the soccer .
I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo it is my blood , my soul.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as many people say but what you have to know is what in the brain and the heart of players .
One day , my old brother went to park where we often go to play tennis , he saw a boy who held a red hat cried on the branch , not knowing what to do , he stranded behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but he still wanted help the little boy .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes , the little boy was cried loudly , my brother was outrege , ran to the rube boy and attached him .
The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes , my brother pity him , he gave the little boy his smartphone and open a good music , the little boy stopped to cried and started to smiled .
Evening , the little boy 's mother took him home , he told his mother that what happens today , his mother smiled to my brother , and took the little boy gone , my brother smiled and went home .
It was a sunny day like every day Sara woke up and had a breakfast with her children then she went to her job .
They told her that her brother had a car accident first of all she shocked
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought ticket to London when she was in the train she had other phone cell .
They told her that she has to bring $ 100,000 so they can do the surgery to her brother
in a car accident , when she her what happened with her brother she was so nervous then the miracle happened she found a big suitcase in the train she decided to open the bag because no one was in the train so she opened the bag she surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
After that she went to the hospital
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " this means the Ball Game , there is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrificed pretty young girls to their goods .
But the present we live it , we live the moment and benefit from it at the maximum .
If you ask someone about the future , answers will be different but all will be around two main topics , Those last are either optimist future or pessimist one .
As far as I am concerned .
No because I am pessimist but due to several factors and condition allow me to divulgue my opinion .
There are a categorisation of countries , there are developed countries , emerged one and on the way of development countries .
In addition , A general vision on the human innovation show that the majority of people creations have bad effect , this effect exist even in people 's lives or themselves .
And unfortunately this bad impact exist almost in all lives filed .
Chemical drugs can help peolple to heal and improve from diseases but have another hidden effect .
This effect always leaves people suffering later after the usage .
To summarize , People 's life knows a fast change and development , but generally this evolution affecting people .
We must stop all wars , conflict and impose human beings principls and values .
The service provided by the restaurant is exceptional for example , the waiting time is very short .
In terms of food quality the level is extraordinary , they are well known for their roast meat .
Some people prefer this " gap year " theory while others seem to prefer disagree .
I favor the former statement , that is , I think student should have a gap year before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
although traveling by car is really interesting but still using public transport has its advantages , by using public transport you 're saving effort when driving a car for along distance you will get tired , some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
Because , I really love to work with people all of ages , and I would like to appreciate have this post and I 'm energetic and hardworking person .
There is no future for public transport , that is true , but I think that people are very comfortable and do n't think about the environment .
Secondly , you can drive your car everywhere , It does n't matter what time it is or where you would like to go . Travelling by car is much more convenient and comfortable than travelling by bus , by subway or by train .
Hello .
My name is Anna , I am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality so I enjoy planning activities or organise sport events in a special and colorful way .
I really love childrens and take care of them , I also had an experience of working in summer camps and have a good experience doing delicious food because I already did this stuff in other camps .
Goodbye , Anna .
I chose this invention that I think that helped to humanity to communicate more easily ,
Motorola It was the first doing something to a mobile phone was on 3 April 1973 the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper
Cooper made mobile phone history in April 1973 when he made the first ever call on a handheld mobile phone
Today was a good day , not every day is as good as this was .
They usaly do n't wan to be with me bit today we played all day long .
The weather was Aldo good today , the sun was shining and there were no clouds in the sky .
When we arrived there were a lot of Matias'friends in our house listening loudly music , playing games and drinking .
He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologysed for her attitude
According , the boy or girl have strong muscles can let them look more attractive .
Peter has been thinking about this secret party for months since the time he knew his mother was healed .
He was taking care of her so that he was prevented from going to university .
Lets talk about one of them , that is ' cleanliness ' Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading the garbage near our houses and offices .
For example , they collect plastic waste in yellow dustbin while , liquid and solid , degradable waste in red container .
To conclude , I would like to say that nowadays people are becoming more aware and conscious towards environment through education .
Today there are many children that have the dipendence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various child tv programs , while once our parents preferred hang out with your friends .
Television can be a useful strument if it is used with caution , accordingly I recommend use less it for prevent damage to the mental level .
In order to help reduce contamination I take acction from the three " R".reduce , reuse and recycle as so I am more and more ecofriendly .
I reduce use of innecesary power at home , in other words , I turn on light that I need for the while i use it;I take less warm shower ; I hit only neccesary rooms .
As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .
Hello!!How are you ! !
In my opinion , it is a good idea about you spend some time travelling because you will have an opportunity to think about your future but in my city because of the crisis there is very little work for everyone .
Although now that the holidays are coming you need people to help and ride the amusement park or the lights of the fair .
If you come to Linares could amuse you and if you come forward to work can do it
You have to come here because Holy Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectacular and if you want to have fun and I like the bulls
in my opinion the car more advantageous than car and the car is more useful
To my mind this mind not right .
First of all travelling by car is very expensive .
For example travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plain is faser .
Secondly it 's not comfortable.becouse you every day drives instead of relaxing and enjoy the enviroment
On the other hand it helps to reduce the polution made by cars , ..
In the future , cars would be so cheap than everyone will have one , thus , it will take up the end of the public transport .
Printing is the next step , .Usually , sheets of bank notes printed , because there are some special require for the printing , solour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
The inspection always have three results , the good quality sheets , the bad sheet or the partially damaged sheets .
If the print sheets has good quality , they will packing and distribution.some partially damaged will cut into separate or packede or dispatched .The bad sheets will disposal , the destroyed will be secure .
Now I go to the gym and practice weight lifting three Times A week , Exercises aerobics every days and yoga two times a week !
But when she ca n't go I go Alone .
My cough is very friendly and help me
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs .There are a lot of channels in many roles , for instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on .The television is not only for entertainment but also for education .The television can entertain you through it 's entertained channels , and the television can educate you through it 's educational channels .
However , I have no agree with this statement because the public transport is needed for someone who are no have vehicle or economic downturn .
They can use the money in more useful or meaningful way such as investment property .
The public transport is a way to reduce the air pollution because it can carry more than a dozen times the people in a time and reduce their own vehicle .
Although the public transport is slow but it also do not take a long time of people to reach their destination because public transport nowadays are developed more fast and enough .
However , most of them might be arrested .only a little number of them might be adopted by those friendly human .
In conclusion , the large - scale building projects take the living resource from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer and so on .
If they are your best fiends they will guide you and help you to be to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their back on you .
But on the other hand you maybe punished or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .
From first time I said about that to you I had a problem with my health but you answered : it not matter .
I felt that I could lose my consciousness , that 's why I removed a braclet .
I am 24 years old I am frome Lviv Ukraine .
my father name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving and caring.they gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of these things.he provides all the facilities to us of internet and books so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is very hard working and brave.he has the smiley face.he always tries to laugh other people with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .
But you came flying early morning the most convenient and fast transport is taxi that does n't cost expensive to my house .
It is a veri quiet place , because of its location , in the middle of the forest , only a few people know how to get there .
A pretty girl like you is still single .
In Italy volleyball is very common , specially in my region .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you can have health problem , for example you can have problems at hands , at the neek and at legs .
Hello my name is Sophie Nielsen I was born 2002 in Sweden and I am still living here .
On my spare time I like to hang out with friends and play soccer .
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born 2002 and not 2001 but I was born first October so it 's not so much difference .
My favorite song is All about that bass with Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy
My favorite movie is The fault in our stars , because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the story .
they were spending the weekend in the countryside , he had rented a woodhouse but he had n't confirm the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived giving them without communication by pone or by car .
I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience , worked at school in north Africa like a volunteer and learnt a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitable person for the job because use to be an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , love working with children and like organising several types of activities , I 'm not very good cooking but i can learn very fast .
It would really be helpful if the government make tighter resrictions , in today 's world , lots of constrication companies and factories are not admission , they are destroyed the forest , farmland and wetland , charging waster water and emitting greenhouse gas , it lead to a serious enviorment problem .
Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expesnes we encounter .
The other benefit if taking public transport is less people are taking cars reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environemnt .
1- Inflation in population , the roads will not bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
3- In the future people will concern more about energy , so transport will be more useful .
5- Many people ca n't drive like children and old people .
Cause all these reasons I believe the transport will have big future .
My favorite sport are football baskeball Formula One and Tennis .
That is one of my favorite sports
What 's a big surprise , you are married .
Now I 'm thinking about the present , what do you like ?
i would like to play football because it 's too much exciting game . in proportion to length it takes only 90 minutes . whenever i got the opportunity i played football .
Driving car while listening to music is much more fun for most of people so maybe that 's why mostly love to drive than taking public transport .
In contrary some guys hate getting caught in traffic jam so prefer public transport;some other reasons may be rising gas price , car crashes or hating driving !
As a result I thought both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to take each in the right situation .
For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which measns burrett train is famous and very fast .
" Blue train " which has many beds in train and we can sleep comfortabully in train .
Recently although there are many LCC careers we can choice , it is still expensive to travel by plane .
We start little by little to help it .
That 's the descent way in reducing the adverse environmental impact and we are able to protect our Earth
This technique makes the weed control easier resulting in cost savings and yield gains , so that increase global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
he said kindly:"I buy you a present , open it , Tom "
Tom opened the big bag , Oh!This is a big surprise , there was a football in it , which he always wanted to buy
there were some words goal!keep doing ! keep looking!said her mom , Look !
there was also a cup in it , It said"don't give up your dream , keep doing!go!we stand by you!come on "
Tom love it , " thanks mom , thanks dad!"Today is the best day of my life , thank you ! "
My name is Anna , i one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
Moreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm often listen to pop music , R and B , and little Rap .
So the need for bus has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time consuming .
Cricket brings a passion on me whenever and wherever its possible I find out a way to start the game .
The best part of this game is batting whether someone knows or not he first prefer to bat .
In India cricket is worshipped and players are the lord .
I was very interested in making my career through this but due to my studies I ca n't take effort toward this .
So , if are going to play this sport do notice that there are some rules and be sure that you have all safety stuffs with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure of batting first .
MY friend was travelling there , she was talking to me about it so much .
I 'm writing to you to tell you that I will go to your home next month , I hope that you stay at home because I need your help , I will bought a present for Mary and I do not know what is her favourite coluor ,
Now I have lived in Badajoz for ten years , We moved here to go to the beach every day , I like the beach and the sun , especially in summer When the sun is in the sky .
I like dance and sing too , I 'm very happy singing in the beach , especially if you stay with me .
More and more gadgets are invented such as televisions , smartphones and so on .
As long as you can go with me just let me know .
I usually run in the morning , when my roommates are still sleeping , I get up and run in the playground .
I bought shoes , clothes and GPS watch , I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself .The first day is so painful , I was tired to die when I just ran nearly 3 km , but things becomes better and better , and now I could run 10 km .
If you want to start running , firstly , you need a comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , make a plan , like how long should I run today , remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
First I will ask a question to you if this is your own house , you buy it with a lot of money and will you broke it with no reason ?
We have Eather first than people thanour house .
Just for mony for more house but if we destroy it we will all die our money will gone our house will gone we will have nothing .
Beside some people destroy farland to build houses but if one day there is no farmland than what should we eat?Nothing at that time we can eat nothing!So what should we do ?
Forest brings us fresh air bu8 t if there is no trees , what will happen ?
So my idea is aii the coutries allthe people stop to use farmland , forest andwetlang to build houses grow more trees portect our world , our homestar !
The lecture desagree with the paragraph , suggesting that the mention test developed by Alan Turing do not respond the mainly question : Can the computer think ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " that propose a challange to prove that the Turing 's test was not conclusive , than he create a paradox .
He selected people to into in a chinese room , there was a computer in chinese language with diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not understand what was in the computer screen .
Different from the original test mention on the text , that all the participants were american and native speakers from that language , it was really easy to understand what was in the computer screen .
I agree , for many people travelling by car is much more convenient , however , in my opinion , there is still a long future for public transport .
My grandmother is going to visit me in July so I would prefer suit you in August .
My smaller sister wants to go to the beach so that if she is not a problem she could come with us .
I really like spend time on the beach but there are a lot of time so we could go to the swimming - pool if your parents say yes .
Too we could go to the bar to drink some juice or to go to eat an ice - cream .
Do not forget to write soon
I like cars , and I like high speed that is why I love a Formula 1 races .
I like so much Ricki Rikonen , he is a ferrari team driver .
Ricki , is not the fastes driver on the track , but he drive very safety .
Ferrari making one of the fastes cars on the word , but this seson they are not so fast on the Formula 1 trac , how they were in the past .
If sameone like cars then should go to Formula 1 race to hear the bolid engine sound , I think that is the best voice which I have ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 it is also dangerous sport , the driver are exposed to the risk of accident at high speed .
Michael is one of the most important economist in the world , he wrote a lot of book about economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
He has decided to do a short essay about capital market abuse whereby he considered to travel to Italy and pick up some financial data from Italian central bank .
After two years that his essay was released , he will understand that his essay was wrong moreover , Michael will want to apologise many people who read his essay thereby Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , goes to bed thus Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
The son of Lucy and her husband one day he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a game , he make five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had been generations of gods so he started throwing that for play , one time that he take the jewelry , it consume the mind of the little guy and that cause that the jewelry liberated some sounds that only giants can hear so a mountain stand up that was the face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
What 's more there are countries around the world that lack teachers to go to remote areas to teach , that rely on television to teach .
Like every one , I was a normal person learning & improving day by day little by little from mistakes .
In order to reduce energy consumption should be made so that as much as possible lectures takes place in the day time .
there are a lot of club , pub and bar , cafe , karaoke and has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
and then , let me tell you another place ' Duksu palace '
The palace is in the middle of the city , therefore , you may feel different mood between 19 century and this day .
Have you ever been to climb mountains ? that is incredible and amazing , do you like your school?your city ?
my school is fine and i like better my country than yours , our teams are betters than your , England are the worst of football , Argentina rules .
England do n't have enithing you are the worst and more horrible country in the universe .
For sure I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives to students the opportunity of not just learn something in the classroom , more than that , is the opportunity that they use their knowledge in the pedagogical and social life .
I choose the wheel because is the most useful invention ever because thanks to it the human works make easier by example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today the wheel was invented at a relatively late point of human history , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
You can think ' why this ? '
In the school I study German and I like the language .
And the topic I like the most .
Family are the members that they never wo n't leave you alone , they give you love and happiness , they make your day!They are our best friends and family .
First of all , friends are important for us , we want a friend that we can share our secrets and problems .
But friends maybe in the future go away or hurt you!So you ca n't always based on them!For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and in the end they go away .
For example , if you are in a bad mood the first person that will come next to you , to make you smile is your mom or dad .
In the last years was improved the public transport system .
In the last edition of Pur Plus occurred an important discussion about the next plan of cities .
This makes me ponder , weather is a future of the old public transport system or should make a new system .
So will following more jams , if we do not change our habits .
So we will stop the jam and so the problems of environmental .
transport at Sudan is so expensive we suffer from the less and expensive transport here .
there are many kind of transport such as buses train and small cars called amgad an also taxi
This is an interested question becaus I beleive that my family is my best friends but at the same time they are not my friends .
THis is important because it is important to have somebody to rely of .
But my family is not my best friends because you chose you friends but you do not chosen you family .
Generally it can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it before .
first of all , in 1995 shipsmouth was green residential city with two forests .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
squash sport also can be played individually as two players together or in team of 4 players.squash one of the very nice attractive sports
SWIMMING THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
I have praticed swimming for 3 years , I am a good swimmer and I have competed in differents tournament of swimming .
The swimming is my favorite sport because in this sport I train all my body , is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because He was the best swimmer in the world and I hope that He returns to olyimpic games at Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
Nowadays it is easier to use the car instead of public transport .
Exept for the big cities the public transport is not an easy way to move trohout the city , that means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
The first step , the bank notes should be desinged concidering some constructions , like background color , artwork and security issues , After it was prepared , skilled machinists would make preparaation of metal plates in the second step .
Another ones which were bad sheets and bad bank notes from damaged apparently , would be destroyed securely .
The most healthy sports are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or running but I prefer to play tennis .
I am not very good at all but I like to play it with my friends and do matches on Saturdays .
For new tennis players I recommend to know how to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball and how to put your feet .
He is not chasing after the ball , is not fighting enough to Keep it In the case he would really Need the Money , he would behave totally different .
In these 10 years , Taiwanese have become enjoy our life , so many people like to drink coffee or have an afternoon tea .
One is original equipment manufacturer , like Foxconn , workers in the company always need to do the same thing and the executive in Foxconn also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .
Although they produce high quality products they receive a little money and have high pressure in work .
The other one is original brand manufacturer , like htc , they produce a lot of new smartphones and sell it .
So htc became more energetic and bold in making innovation .
One evening , it was a blistering hot day that I still should attended , one of my friends , a wedding ceremony .
I was dressed in nice suit , going to this party .
Consequently , I drank the alcohol on the table , looking for , my friend , a bride .
I 'm Patricia Agüero , I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay my study .
First I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of kinds of food , in fact in my last trip to Japan I learned to cook shushi .
In addition I love dealing with people , I 'm very sociable .
On the other hand I 'm used to work long hours as a matter of fact in holidays I had worked in many restaurants .
one day Micheal wanted to go out from his home so he called his besfriend an suggested to go out togther , his friend agreed , so Michael weared his closes , wnet out and closed the door but at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .
when he get back to the home it was late and the metting was canceled
I have other qualities like , cooking like super chef or even better than that , I am the person more organizated in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a form to teach everything you know to other people and help to improve like person .
I always do exercise , in the morning I like to running on the beach , at the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
so in conclusion , I think that if you contract you , you will get an axcellent people and an excellent worker
In my opinion the public trasnport is more expensive and it is less comfortable that the car , because the car is faster that the public transport .
Today the people use the application " blah blah car " .
I believe that the people in a future they will begin to travelling shared car more time and they use less the public transport as the train , the bus , underground , etc .
Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
Negaticvs about the online lerning are dat your not listening to much from ea real person and more from a Computer , if you do nt have any listening things in the app you do nt lern how to pronounce the words . in my personal obinionits better to lern froma teacher not only dat you lern to pronounce the words correctly you also lern from a personwhat is in my opinion way better i thin k we spend enougth time on smart phones so i do nt think its the best if we use them to lern as well .
For words i think its perfect but all the grammer and talking i think you need a teacher .
I love Grey 's Anatomy , this is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this show has been beloved because of the soap opera drama parts .
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example sfter School .
So at a Special time is a special advertisement for this age group .
Exept some good movies they also show a lot of rubbish .
Of course you can make a child lock on the TV but when you look hard enough for some you will find any .
I would say if you know how and when to use a TV it is good but specially for young people who think it is a good entertainment to watch the whole day .
In the same way Australians have a different attitude about their education system .
However the attitude of the Colombian and Australian people is different in many ways .
In Colombian some people have a high attitude about education but there are some others that have a very low attitude .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of social - economic levels which make people to have a different and divided attitude toward education .
What is worst , the room of the house where some animals lived before , so they lost their houses , which become the houses of people , nevertheless , the earth is not only belonged to the human .
Nowadays people usually use the car all the days , actually for most of the diary things ; despite the fact that there is small amount of people that travel in public transport .
The cars pollute big amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the result of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid Beijing or New York are grey and this has to change .
Also people think that travel in cars is faster than in public transport and I agree with it because the bus or the underground is always stopping in the different stations , so in this way the car is better .
In my opinion , I will use the public transport , not always but more than the car although you travel slower because I want to save our planet , that the rising generations can live in good conditions .
I have been playing tennis since I was a teenager and for that reason tennis is my favourite sport .
Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as on football match for example , to play tennis .
For example , never starts a match without a warm up because you can suffer serious muscular injury .
Reference to your advertisement I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS , I am John from the capital city of south state in India ,
as I worked in restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , how I gathered knowledge of basic cooking methods , hope it may helpful for now !
I believe that this job suitable for me !
herewith I enclose the current cv as you can see the attachment !
I am interested in work new work environment , kindly reply
Pleasure to work at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people with different ages starting from the young and the elderly who forget all your worries and enjoy the same concert as if not and be separate .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
After the revolution , construction will use for represented the win of revolution
My mother and my father had a fight to each other , they wanted not together .
They even asked me , I wanted to go with who , they grabbed my hands , wanded me go themself , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
I wanted we can live together forever , they taked care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't decide a choice , my father and my mother saw I cry , decided not keep going , and they saied sorry to each other and me .
If I were you I wait to spend the money .
When I was at university student , I wanted to swim well but I could n't swim . because I did n't have to swim in my life .
First , I registered a swimming pool then I went back to the swimming pool every day in the early morning .
After 6 months I could swim well until now .
Nowadays I usually went back to the swimming pool in the weekens .
Some of my friends they did n't want to shown their body by someone . because a lot of students did n't have exercise .
We did n't have to enough time today .
subsequently , this step is most important.bank note should be inspected.bank notes separated into good and bad if get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this stage sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . if get bad sheets.the nest stage is disposal.band sheets and bank notes securely destroyed .
Third , this is the most important step that printed sheets manually inspected , the this sheets are classified three areas .
The number one called good quality sheets , they will be packed and dispatched .
The next called partially damaged shees , and bank notes separaed into good and bad , good sheets will be cutted into separate bank notes and packed , the bad one will be destroyed by fair .
The number three called bad sheets , they will be securely destroyed .
On the top of the steps is the inspectation by hands , that is to say , they should be separated into well - qualified ones , which are to be cut into bank notes , and delivered to the banks and the bad ones which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the last stage .
for example me , I do n't have a car thus I usually use a train in my school .
If I will go travel I think a car is very useful . but Movement of long distance is very tire .
Children ca n't get a car license thus children use Public transport .
Of course , Do n't have a car license people ca n't drive a car .
For example , maybe you have a personal situation , that is very important to you , but you do not want your family know about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .
I think it depends on the situation , on the other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best Friends , you can tell them important things , but ask them not to tell your parents .
But also when I 'm working on a project which involves business , I feel rewarded .
Actually I realize that busynes is not for the major , everybody know Tec is very demanandant and if you wanna be there you must work hard .
Finally I hope to get my own business .
Families realize our mind so much ; However , our classmates or companies ca n't reach that because they do n't stay with us all the time .
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game
While I was dancing she pushed my by accident , she did n't noticed it so I thought she was an arrogant person at first .
But , when our friend in common introduce her to me I realized that she was a funny and nice person .
She is also a good listener , she always know what to say in a bad moment and she is always there when a friend is in trouble .
She 's from Marocco , so she has Arabian features , for example , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and black expresives big eyes .
I have just read , that you need reviews of soaps opera .
Most of all I like Brenda , because she is a smart , beautiful person .
Although I have 5 members of my family but just one from 5 is my real friend .
She did a lot for me , my life
Such as Beijing , the metropolis in China , faces the salient bad traffic as such government had to encourage the citizen go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
So , the public transport is playing an important role in our daily life , It shows an indispensable effects on the society work .
In the town center there are most attractions as well as one of the best bars in the region " the Albastirca " .
To sum it up I strongly suggest that the visitors stay as much as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
Some people say there is no future for public transportation but I do n't think so .
first my favorite sport is futboll and i like for many reasons for example while you are watching a match you 're going to feel exited and entretaining besides that fubol has the best fotboll player than ever who is leo mesy he 's the best and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Yesterday morning a group of American tourist went to a bike ride for through the center of Buenos Aires City .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to have 28 year .
The mas was armed try to steal the backpack .
The tourist was surprised to see a gun , the robber forced the man in the street and then the tourist put to run .
They found a police near it and made the complaint , the group continued the bike ride and returned their hotel totally scared .
After two days and with the help of the filming the gunman was captured and brought to justice .
Let 's take me as an example , I am a 25 years old girl who is graduated from faculty of engineering and want to travel to Germany to complete my study but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
College is the only place where i feel I am special that is why i always like to there .
Anyway , we would make mistakes , if we do the new challenges and new tasks .
In spite of the informative sessions about the enviorenment , organized by the Mayor for all of the residentes , it also has lots of staff that cleans the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
Eco friendly :
If I suffer from any problem the first step I do is I try to go back to my lovely sister because deep inside I know she is only member that can assist me .
Secondly , if I need money I will come back to my brother or sister I ask them to borrow some money .
The other is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts , most famous resorts lack of parking lots , travelers may spend hours to park .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantage of travelling by car was placed by public transport gradually , the future of the public transport is bright .
Sometimes If I would like to play football but it rains I can watch football on television .
In football my favourite position is goalkeeper .
Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 time a week , swimming is a good sport especially in summer .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding the swimming pool , I think that just an excuse to be lazy , the Internet will help you to find out .Lets go to swim .
Nowadays , there are many choices to spend in our free time such as go shopping , travelling , listen to music , reading , etc ..
My first idea , football make us stay in shape , avoid some diseases .
A second idea , It helps us make new friends when I take part in some football team .
They not only help me in every match but also share me everything in daily life .
A finally idea , football makes us enjoy our life and increase quality of life so far after working hours .
Although balanced diet will offer energy and vitality but that 's not all of the thing , Exercising is important too in addition to the balanced diet .
My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the world a few people telling me that messi is the best player but i feel angry when i hear that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best player one day its like a dream to me .
Because many people have died for this , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction even if the person wants to stop it .
my favorite sport is swimming
i swim 2 times per a week
sometimes i go to the swimming pool in the same area which i work there and sometimes i go to the swimming pool of my cousin ,
i enjoy when i spend my time in the water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a group of people i keep telling them and screaming do not close with me ! ! !
hhhh sometimes is funny
but my husband he takes cars of me he does n't allow to anyone to be much closer with me ,
my mother in law she likes swimming too
last night we went to the swimming pool it was a little bit cold but we liked so we went to the pool and srated to swimming i know how to swim very well but she does n't she has to have a support otherwise she ca nt .
If you want to visit me you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participiate .
We the management of The Arch London Hotel received your mail and wishes to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desired to work in via return mail along with a scan copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us make every necessary corrections .
Indeed all the indicators show that humain behavior will not change at least in the following decades .
Above all they talked more : we live in the era of the telecomunication and none could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
Moreover also simple things are changed , for example the food we eat : some times ago everythingh was natural , healthy ... but now everyone eat always " junk food " and thinghs like that , which are completely unhealthy !
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion people wo n't have a " really life " : everyone will be always more involved in the virtual life so that they will forget how to talk each other and how express own feelings !
About the foods , I imagine a future society in which restaurant wo n't exist : people will eat only junk foods and food , which has been prepared before , food in tin ... so all unhealthy thinghs , which will cause many problems .
For this reason I also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have so much to do !
Do not ruin our life , it could be all so perfect !
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story ( the war of the worlds ) , so it was inevitable ; people began to see space creatures everywhere .
Alison left the house very scared , it was a dream .
Nowadays , public transport is used for many people in the cities , we can find different types of them , such as bus
tube and train , but is there a future for it or not ? , I am going to respond this question giving disadvantanges and advantages and finally I give my personal opinion .
To begin with , Public transports is not as comfortable as using our own vehicle , every day , about all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people than begin to work .
Secondly , moving in a city in public transport could be horrible , there are too many station , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrived at home .
Firstly , if anyone want to move in the city using the car , that could be very expensive , due to traffic jam .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than never before , cities contains more automoviles and the pollution is worse , we need to change our mind , and try to use them as other alternative to improve the enviromment of our cities .
the first day we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos , the day after we visited Siracusa , the third day Agrigento and The valley of the temples and the last day we saw Marsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed all the cities we saw but the best in my opinion is Siracusa . in particoular I liked Ortigia that is the oldest part of the city .
I also liked the Valley of the temples of Agrigento so much : it was amazing .
large number of people use it which results in over - loaded buses and trains .
In a recent time privet transport is more convenient than public transportation , although public transport like buses , train , ferries and intercity rail are consuming less time and energy but sometimes its create problems .
In public transport people bound to share transport means with strangers and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , but with their own transport we do n't have to bother about these things we travel when we want and when we have time .
They can travel another place , independent the hour .
We will be very happy and we .
My favourite sports walk , I really like this sport for several reasons :
1- It 's very common I can do it anywhere and anytime I want .
2- It 's very cheap , I will not buy anything to do .
3- It 's not hard sport , in all cases I will not be tired after walking .
cause all these reasons walking is my favourite sport .
Moreover you travel with the other people .
Finally , if you ride a car you musnt care about timetable . You can go at every hour .
When you go by bus for example , you must wait at cold bus station .
At sum up , in my opinion travelling by car is better .
So many storms , and all the things happening around the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we have to live .
I suppose their lifstile intolerable , resteless and I really sympothise with them Magotity of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities bit through thick and thin they go on .They archieve the goals made exceptionally in sake of money and vanity .
There is one thing confuse me that is the old extension number .
I always answer some wrong calls and these calls distract me .
Also there are many places to see , mountains , lakes where you can relax and have fun .
In itself , the film did n't have an especially topic , but I can describe it like friend 's film as appears lot of laughts , jokes , and it reflected that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
I started running to lose weight and ended in a life changing experience .
Running is cheap and everyone can take up running , no experience required after all it is just one step after the other .
In My country Bus 's car is the essential public transport .
That means he is a careless , who always drives too fast
Maybe traffic 's accident is decreased
The public transport most used in Toluca is el bus because it is the most cheaper , but it is very bad and unsafe , the qualiti of it is very bad , the buses are old and obsolete these have broken windows and old and broken seats .
The service is very bad the drivers are very angry and stressed out these do not lead with cauition , in Toluca exist report of high rates of accidents by buses .
I think we live very quick , always running , we do n't enjoy our lives .
Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things ... we are always working for giving more money , we do n't meet our neighbour for example .
In old times luxuries were not considered as compare to Heslth but now every one prefer to save time and maintain privacy which one can only afford by using her / his private transport so gradually public transport losing its charm .
I think it 's very important as it reduce the problem of both pollution and population we use few transport as it is big and carry a lot of people .
underground , trains and buses these means of transport are cheap so it helps the poor to save some money .
governments should take care of public transport they should save means of entertainment peoples should keep them clean and safe if they use it carelessly it will be useless Now There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
cars are faster than public transport so cars are more convenient than public transport it is easier , faster and more comfortable especially in long distances so governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars
Now a day 's travelling became easier for the humans to move all over the world .
Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportations like , bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to full fill their basic needs .
I hope , giving equal priority for both public and private transportation makes healthy .
Here , in this country there are typical dishes , desserts , drinks .
Some of them are , roast , mate and some others , but those are the best known .
i do nt think the public transport does not have future , there are a lot of people who can not buy a car and has to use the communite transport .
Crowd is more and all the people want to travel by public transport so it is difficult to travel . Best way to travel in there
First adavantage , is Interent too much quick , for example when you want information about something .
Both computer game and mobilephone have got internet , as a result , they have not got time the another traditional games .
Other disadvantages is that , people do not meet with friends , since they speak by website Internet , so every time there is unless relationship , the people is not sociable .
Good Thriller was not my favorite type of gender until I saw ' No Escape ' .
And in some of the scenes the little girl escaped or the dad had to make them jump from a building to another one !
I have studied this exam not at all and I have got a very limited time , around 3months , before the last test so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
I am working daytime so night time , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .
Also I am thinking of studying with you for 2months but we can talk more about this later .
I am good at speaking and listening sections but not confident at writing , especially essay I 've never learnt in my life so I want to focus on this writhing part more than others .
I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to take that and more than anything else that is convenience .
Especially some people do n't have a car and some elderly persons difficult to driving a car by themselves , so the public transport helpeing them a lot .
Already public transport have been improvement and that makes comfortable to go on a trip , but I think that will be able to become good quality more and more , because so many people expectation .
I like a car as well , but when I have to driving a car I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am having travel , so the public transport is making connection with human beings .
So , the Humans including women and men should behave according to these points .
The question which is rising now should the employer hire women in some posts and excludes them from another , and so that for men .
There are two answer to this question , the first one is to who sees that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
Also , if you want to travel , you have to make money for that and then , travel .
Furthermore you do n't study during this period and when you want to start the university you would n't be able to remember some important things
think has a future that all people use public transport then I think that maybe continue to have future but has bad and good things , for example good is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad , bad people attack you and steal things , but I thing , that have future , because a lot people even they use public transport to .
what I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much that you will have future
My mother is my inky best friends in my family , she always listening to me , sometimes i call her with her real name!.
She always tell me some jokes but some times i laughed !
, i love her so much , i do n't know how will my world being like without her and i wo n't to know .
My name is Tom , I 'm 12 years old .
I am wearing a shirt , and a pair of trousers .
I will wait for you at the train station
Well , there 're a lot of sport that people practise every day but I have one which is my favourite .
You can play with your friends or in a team even alone but this option is the most boring .
I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around your city or your country . That it 's the best because you can visit the cities ...
And maybe you became a famous player or a simple player but you feel like a famuos .
Besides , it 's also an environment problem , exhaust fumes engulfed the earth , more car is used , more exhaust gas release , we are killing our mother .
It 's the way to prove you wealthy , when you get a car to your home , or go to school , work by a car , people will change their mind about you .
Public transport is being become a must - have mean with many people who have low - income .
In conclusion , Public transport is our future means , I mean for almost citizen .
Not car though it 's convenient .
my favourite sport is swimming , it makes me feeling comfortable and left me in a good mood , i go to swim twice a week , and my advice to anyone want to start to enjoy every moment of it
we bocome not only older but also wiser .we learn but the most useful thing to learn is to get in alot of experiences & for sure to make mistakes .but we have to be honest with our selves by admitting our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
As you know , my grandmother actually lives in France with my cousint Jonh , unfortunately he has to make three months course outside of the country , Jonh will leave France next weekend , but instead it is not possible , I have to go and look after her because none of my family ca nt waist three months over there .
I am so sorry to delaying your visit , which was planned months ago , however as I told you is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
Nowadays technolgy is more modern than in the past and people always developing their invention to become more useful .
We as a human who live in these days , we live rely on technolgy , every aspect of our live are supporting by technolgy .
One of the example is television , in the past we use it only for watching news and movie , but as the time goes and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .
Television can be used tor many things , usually we watch television for entertaining , but we can also use it for education too .
Many programs consist lessons for kids to learn , for kids who still want to learn speaking and know the words , it is very useful because many programs are very suitable for their to help them learn faster by watching television .
Besides that we can also use television to make us become knowledgeable , by watching news programs .
Second , tthese days television become modern and it make television can connected with internet .
So we can watching a program that we wanted so we can choose what is good and not .
In conclusion , televeision can entertain and also educate because television programs make it in interesting way .
My favourite sport is football I enjoy playing football with my friends we play at night it was very excited to play when the sky was rain .
When anyone miss to pass the ball or miss scored a goal we shouting on his face are you crazy how you missed this goal !
I started following football in 2007 , just 10 years old , I started because I fell in love with a team that then led me to love football in general .
I like to watch the games at home with my father , but mostly always go to the stadium with my dad , you feel indescribable emotions . and my father was to convey this passion .
The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam because when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people is travelling from one place at other in only one transport or vehicle .
For many years the public transport had allowed that the people travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
Better still the future of the public transport is essential for a better life without traffic .
At the time , we need more cars for more people , that 's the meaning for more traffic .
it 's for this reason that I think the public transport is a great benefit for the society , and a good way for move us of the one place at other , I suggest that the government has to give more means for the purpose of improving the public transport .
The food , his team of chefs , prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a piece of art , not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the Head - chef .Not only the food but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
Designed by famous decorators and their partners .
With the latest technology systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces of well - known artists and upcoming talents .
Last but not least the service is remarkable .
So fairly George 's restaurant is one of the most universally recognized restaurants
However people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality , the big problem is that prize is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series on well known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .
Consider a good prize and good quality by checking and visiting stores , you should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV or largest , you can save money by only watching few minutes on stores , have your sit , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies in your own TV considering prizes and qualities , some TV brings you the experience to enjoy your favourite movies in other scenery , will you try ?
People who reach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the supporters suggest that is helpful for the 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that is harmful for the human right and affect development of the country .
In my opinion our lives will have a dramatic change in the next 50 years .
Dear John :
I do currently master but I can devote myself to the Fellowship Especially since I finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow - up from time to time with my guide Academic , so I have the time for the Fellowship .
First of all I would like to tell about atmosphere of the film .
I work in advertising , I 'm an account .
Third , supporting the recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard wastes , for liquids and the third for clothes .
I am a big fan of Arsenal .
Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifying people locally and internationally , for example it helps US and China to normalize their relations .
although I have been playing football for years , I am still not a professional player , this may be because I am not talented .
we will know today some of information about Islam , Islam is great religion come from The Arabian Peninsula and its founded since 1436 years ago .
Mohammed came back to his town mekka after that and forgave the people of mekka whose abused him
we will talk about " How people is live will change in the future ? "
Education will not be in the schools and universities ! , but it will be in the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E learning education , in many web sites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
the Shopping also will be in the internet , every thing will b !
Finally I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn this summer in U.S.A. so
I look forward your answer soon
Firstly , design the bank notes ' backgroud colour it is artwork security issues .
If the way to do that it 's easy and nice I think at the end is better than explain theory concepts .
while we are spendind good time watching TV our brain is not in calm , only in an other position different to that ones in the rest od the day .
I hunt with my dad and my stepdad , we hunt all different animals .
I hunt most with my dad , and we always have really fun when we hunt but sometimes we can be a bit angry on each other .
I Am communicating to you , with the purpose of let yo know that we will set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discuss how we could use social media to improve the Communication with our suplliers , i think a great time for the meeting could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
The purpose of this letter is to notificate you some complaints that some citizens has , this is related why only boys have to be in the draft of military service , and girls does not have to .
I would like to go next Friday , do you want to go with me ?
And then for the preparation of metal plates , the skilled and machinists is considerate .
When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after the doing my Omrah , I visited several places , among them was a house for teaching the holy book of Quran .
Pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is form the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they can build a great building like that form about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people from all over the world come to Egypt to see it 's great civilization , around 2 million people come to pyramids yearly you can be one of them .
First of all I would like to present some background about myself ; My name is said ahmed .
my English language is weak , I like to improve it which complete my post graduate study ,
I always go to the gym , I look all the time separate 1 hour and half for that .
On wednesday after that I go to my belly dance , I love , because I can express all my feelings .
I think all the people should practice one sport , we can feel better after that and that is very good for our healthy .
Therefore in this city there are not many factories .
The yellow container is for plastic as water bottles , the blue container is for cardboard as milk brick , the green container is for glass as glass bottles .
Nowadays , due to the actual economical crisis its construction has been stopped with an undetermined data .
when I was ten years old really I like to play football too much . I have joined football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .
The team is not very famous but I know in the future will be .
The team name is coming location area which is AKSARAY.I prefer to play and watch football as well .
I want to advise all students that start this sport for heath and to fore way for stress , Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
After making sport you will feel your body to be coming strong and you brain will be with out of stress .
In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind , which is sweet , incredible , magical or horrible .
It just a very long tunnel where was dark and strange , After , I felt my body ache .
Nevertheless travel by car is easier for commute for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without a terrible discomfort of buses ; in addiction there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , in special way if the government have invested his money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn revolutionary our life .
In my opinion the people use television for distraction .
The television 's use is staying more and more utilized by the people ; so we are getting more problems of vision .
To go shopping , is one of these things that you can love or , like it happen to me , you can hate at all .
Much better is to take a walk in the high street , and make from this time something for pleasure .
If everybody uses the public transport , the world be much better . and the people will be stress less , because they will be not worried about parking places or be in the traffic .
Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for the people , being more healthy too .
I hope it would be fun there .and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me felt that I must go while I can .I ca n't wait till the day comes
Following your letter , I want to tell you about The apartment is very Beautiful not big or small medium - sized left inside two rooms , a bathroom and a dining hall and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view I am sure he will like it to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you too much and I hope to see you soon .
Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is in a summy day .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swimming and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
So these are the advice that i give for them .
Michael was alittle boy he was 10 years old he went with his parents to his grandfather 's home .
Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid he was waiting for sara to get out he went to the shore to look if she went from the other side but he found no footprints.his mother called him he went home and still thinking about sarah.it was night and ge was afraid ti get there again.he went to sleep .michael closed the door and knew at this moment he had made a mistake .
Our city is quite clean and livable , people are more careful than before .
They are sincerely manage wastage and avoid carbon generated products .
As a result , the city dwellers are now enjoying more healthy environment .
Some advancement happened already , it 's implementation also runs with full speed .
The first time I took part in the youth forum was in 2012 and since then it has been a big part of my life .
Influenced by it I started to look for universities in Scandinavia .
Since 2013 I am studying English and Marketingscommunications at University College Syddanmark .
On one hand you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to , on the other hand if you feel not very well to drive , you have no money to buy a car or the downtown of your city is closed for all the means of transport except for the public ones : tram , bus or trolley bus is your wayout .
Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home I do switch off the temperature .
I switch on a home hiting for a temporary time , when I am working off I used more energy to warmht at home .
Next point is a fact , that recycle glass and paper is most important .
We learn to really segreation of waste and in the future how e.g.:we could use second time a same glass .
But there are some problems like these - how will drive a lot of people who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he has some problems with the health .
Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases not privat , but public , and we ca nt say that this kind of transport willl not be useful .
Some years ago when the weather was colder here people had eaten more meat with wine .In fact growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
In fact today people interested in drinking wine during participating at parties or meeting with friends .
Although healthy diet is quite expensive young people follow special diet in order to have better body shape or healthy life .
Actually modern life affected on our palate changing .Instance some people who work majority of their waking houres prefer to use fast food more .
In my view the reason of having more energy during the day lies in the diet program which is followed by each of us .
You see , I do not see members of ones family ones best friends because personally I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
For my town , there are many regulations that are forced by the municipality and environment ministry , such as preventing animals like ( sheeps , horses , cows .. etc ) , from being in the town and in the population areas .
Also recycling the trushes are a very inteligent way to keep the town clean , and get multiple use of the products in industry lines .
on the Otherhand , eldest people in our city having many socity responsiblties that are encourging the youngest ages to participate in the annual gardening festival , for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Although , each house can make a real difference by taking good care of the infront area and keeping it clean .
Michael and Marcuangolo were friends but in the school they were enemies .They had amazing battles in the playground .
One day at the end of the classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit him , and Michael ran away .
Before I entered university , life in high school had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and interactive .
it was a wonderful experience with me
We were talking about the last match , we were discussing our faults , when suddenly we heard a loud noise .
I like the Indian resturants in the city , in addition infrastructure and roads are well orgnaise .
This is to say that most part of cars are not green , namely , current cars are not designed for generate a good impact in the environment .
Regarding the reason for the described situation is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies which are intended to get as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
Or for some consumers that can afford a toxic and expensive car ?
On the other hand the bad things are that you have to park out of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you could n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .
In my opinion it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and hours , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car you could ask for a special permission .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
More environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by takeng care of themthere is to that we have a center of care and , other more institutions , we also make environmental protection centers were people can visit and learn about this to sum up our village is very concentrated on taking care of the natural world that sorrounds us
Dear Sir / Madam
this country are many interesting pLaces to visit , if you wantto have adventure you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
If you want to have fun you may go to parque de la Costa there are many interesting rolercoasters .
And if you want to go the best museum of art in Argentina you should go to malba .
In my opinion public transportation is most convenient way to travelling . The air pollution is a one reason that I prefer public transportation .
Nowdays , in school we learn a lot of subjects , which we less or more use in our lives , some of them are really important , but some of them are just wasting of time .
When i was born i weight 3650 grams and i was 52 centimeters tall .
I have one big brother he is 14 years old and goes to mörby skolan .
I like parkour because its really fun i also like guitar and playing video games .
all begins in 1981 when freddy fazbear 's pizza open , the establishment it 's a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant in had robots , in 1981 there were four animatronics and their names are Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Foxy the pirate makes a show individually in her pirate cove , The children loves Foxy because plays with the kids making questions about the pirates and count a pirate story .
When freddy begin to sings the kids screams and they sing with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plays the battery and Chica serves the pizza to the children , This year the stablishment close because they found the body of a dead child .
In 1983 The pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with more friendly appearance .
The establishment seek a security guard who had to keep the pizza restaurant at night , I am the security man .
When I saw the advertisement about the job in this moment I think that is very easy , I called the number , they give me the information and I accept .
The rules are simple just see the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait to 6:00am and close the doors if you needed I say OK .
My first night was easy because only see the screen and pass the camera to camera and nothing strange happened , I could only hear footsteps and noises .
After tonight remove me the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves .Everyone want to improve his life to be better but how without doing anything . we must to start with education and healthy which are most important things to be better .
The solution I think would be to fine to owners .
I think the people know that his dogs litter the city but they prefer not to do nothing .
If they would had to pay then they would do .
In general the city looks clean .
These also can be a problem because recently they are falling because they are older .
Actually , there are many huge problems are in your city just as there are no any proper drainage system for it not any specific canal system through which we can properly cleaned our city .
There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bit road they are not wide enough so that most of people are distributed due to these issues .
Also you will managing approx . 16 person and you will have a full privilege to handle them as you like .
It is the capital city of turkey and it takes a large area on the some there are a lot of people where living in Istanbul .
What erer , if it change or not , I will like it more than any place in the would .
My name is Alejandro Martín , I 'm 30 years old , I have heard about your organization and I would like to work for you .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada , in this school there were good values like share or help to other person .
I 'm looking forward to your reply
There is much that i 'm proud of in my life but actually i do n't know what i 'm most proud of .
A very big weakness i have is that i can forget nearly everything especially homework and other school stuff .
happy funny and sometimes bothersome
some day i want to go to Bali because it 's seems like a really nice place .
my favorite song is prayer in C
my favorite singer is AVICII
If you have a car you would probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who does n't have a car so they are used to go by bus and for them this way of travelling has become more conveniet because they have done it since they were children .
Then whatever the opinion you get is the result of the social situation in what you live .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
But in spite of this a lot of people have a dream about a car .
Of course private transport has a lot of advantages like : you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stopes or you can go every where you want in the time convenient for you .
How are you ? You know , it has been a long time since we have met each other why do n't we go to the cinema .
So what time will you finish session ?
27-dresses is a romantic comic and funny film , it is recommended for all ages .
I saw it with my family , my children and my husband , we had a good afternoon .
The film is based on a girl , she is invited to many weddings in which she is a maid of honor in all of them .
She has twuenty seven dresses of maid of honor , meantime , she call in love with a boy who is very handson , but he is working in a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city , he is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
Nowadays we have a lot of environmental problems .
As a result roads are overloaded and long kilometres traffic jumps damage open air .
On the one hand that quantuty of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's personal right to have it or not .
On the other hand the government should think about some measures for protecting environment .
For example inventing severals special dates in a year for using only public transport .
Unfortunately many tourists do n't take care about saving personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the sea beach ) in clean .
I think , nature'll get the most important benefits if everybody takes care about own space in the best way .
Sports is a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health including both aspects that are physical and mental .
The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on time available after earning my bread for the day and it is needless to say after sharing the precious moments with my lovely family .
In the present world television is very important .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more help full for the people .television is also using as a study material for example smart classes ,
online courses etc . television is more important media we can improve our language with the help of the television.now we can see
Michael 's parents were absolute poor , they hardly paid school fees for him although they did their best to see him be educated .
When he got up he insulted him and tried to beat him , when he returned home , he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
All free time I work with children and teach them .
I really love take care of myself and so the last years I decided to do walking every day in the evening .
I love walking near the arbour of my city , so I can have a look to the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind and so I take long breaths .
I suggest everybody having the same evening walking , you need just a pair of comfortable shoese !
The main reason for people do n't like to travel by public transport is due to overcrowding
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , that ha has planned two weeks ago
this episode was his sister 's birthday , " Now it is the suitable moment to announce her about surprise " peter said .
Then peter stared " happy birthday my lovely sister " peter said and gave here key of a car
after that the celebration was began and a lot of their friends have attended each one presented a gift for Sara , she was very delighted and suddenly the doorbell been rang
Sara stood and stared here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here they had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this happen Sara never forget that day .
It has been starting build from Qin dynasty , Its use was to resist Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
If we 're planning for what we have then we are behind the curve " , Anthony Fox .
When we talk about convenience , comfort and safety then private transport is more likely to consider .
People often tend to go on their own as private transport such as cars can be bought easily on loans provided by banks .
Suddenly we heard the sound of running footsteps .
Perhaps someone had been killed , or kidnapped in the street
My name is Kamaldeen I 'm 31 years old I 'm married and I do n't have children .
I graduated from my college in 2001 after that I got job in ministry of health and I have been working there since 2010 .
I like a lot of activities such as travelling , readillng , play soccer and watch movies .
To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack of money then you will not be able to feel pleasure of it .
Human live has change a lot in the last years , and it seems that this will happened faster every day , the technology advances and the changes in the way of thinking , are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small paper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reign that time will focus in the companies and make money and spend it , this is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to a home office and the firms are giving more and more facilities to their employees to be more efficient .
At the end , the kind of live that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help the people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of live , but this will be only to meke more money and consume more and more , also the things will be faster of waste to make the people to change their apparel more often and create a consumerism .
Firstly it is clear that more house and transport networks is convenient for our people , what is knowed to us is that the population growth is a big problems , which is needed for more palce to living .
And builing more transport networks is also benifit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can be shorteded our time in traveling.while the animal may not welcome to it ,
She has mooved to Kyiv , graduated from university and started to work .
Althought she tried to hide she has become a great and a famous model .
From time to time it seemed to him that he loved her .
Once Lora came and told him that she was sick .
With all that , I do have my favorite club team n country as well .
They always bring talented players that will make the club be more improved tactically.people always say this;"Barcelona does n't buy players"it 's not like , they are lacking money .
The facts should not be hidden Barcelona is the best club team in the world , you like or not .
first of all you should eat healthy food to have a good physic , do more exercises and sleep less .
I reach home at 13:00 then I take my lunch and relax for an hour .
I think it 's important to maintain our tone and of course our health .
Because , when we practice a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy , that it 's happening with me .
But we have concrete examples , which we should wear follow and which already demonstrated that nothing it 's impossible .
Like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi , they are two people which succeeded in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .
They are passionate by that they do , more concrete those are fall in love with their job .
If I do that , now the day is one of my best days , it 's a managed day for me .
In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport , I like to do a little of all and I do n't refuse nothing .
Every year thousands of car are sell and the demand is growing .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe , in fact there is some important tournament where participate all important Europe team , They are called " Champions League " and " Europa League".football is a team sport in fact in this sport participate everyboby without exclude nobody .
The people start to play football in a regulatory pitch , after some time they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not enough strong for running around the pitch for many times .
If you often train your muscles will become very strong .
you can improve it running with the ball and gradually you will improve your ball control .
I 'll tell you a story happened at school
all my class called me creep ugly geek but still little good only when a teacher want from them a research or the exams
are next couple days but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;
that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you
As we can see modernization is causing damge in rivers and seas .
In my opinion , Pollution is a problematic on the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more , any kind of help is necessary .
However the best option is that you came here and after I present my friends and their fathers because they can help with your job .
On the other hand , I do n't recommend travel because this is very expensive .
But it is your decision , these options are my advice .
I will look forward to your notice about your decision , but I am very nervous because if you are with me , I will have the best summer in my life and I will be very happy because we will do parties with a lot of friends .
But , whatever , i wen .
To the door and open it , result that was my brother .
I practised danse a long time ago but with ages , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
After 10 times I obtained results on my body : stretch , sinewy and flexible .
In my school ages I did not participate any programme even sports .
While I were in ANDRAPRADESH every year we have Christmas function in December although we are not interested to attend Drama they were not leave us without participation even simple character .
Personally I believe that those who are not participate any activity the teachers has them to encourage .Then only they also know how talented they are .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car , in the people who live in poor countries , most people take public transport , because people does n't have a car and is cheaper take public transport , the pollution of public transport is huge and is growing third world countries should have , eco friendly transport .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I could see the avidity under their eyes , as if they could n't wait to see me dead , they ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
I love this place because it is relaxing but the only problem for me is I live alone and I 'm lonely .
She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it " It was a little and beautiful monkey !
Since these moment my life changed and now I go to every place with " Yango " monkey 's name
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy in the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay , also , I have just finished the sports and health course in the Universidad de la Republica , in which I learned to work from children to adults in the sports area .
There included many kind sports such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running .. etc .
First , Basketball is team sport when it means i need to understand expression of members of team and keep contact them for example my roll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .
Secondly , Every country have own martial art history and culture that is kungfu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
It not just fighting these sport give people durability , speed and power .
There is not special criteria such a tall and strong muscle or gender .
I suggested to other people first to understand yourself such as what do you like , which is possible and than practice after every success
they use a bat and a shuttlecock which is like a bao feather .
positives ways for playing badminton : you can lose weight , you vision will be good etc
I think this , because the new technologies are created by people for improving our habits .
For example , Internet in the next 50 years will be very different , I guess that people will have a chip in our head and they may do many things with your mind like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we may speak with it .
For other hand , People make other inventions for improving the world and reduce pollution , for example , In this time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very useful in future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Also , People will need to improve medicine to cure diseases and for this , People need to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle , We will change our clothes , thinking and other things , We will be more dependent and we need more things for our day to day .
Anyway I have to find a bird to develop myself and take a rest .
Someone ring the door and he opened but there was anybody in the door so he closed the door again .
The door rang again and he opened again the door , his sister was with him and she was very scared but there was anybody in the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was higher and he understood all .
By that , her sister is scared and woke up ...
Twenty years ago I started playing football .
I had practised a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football I felt that was my sport , this was freedom .
Because of injuries , I have now thinking on leaving football to dedicate me to other passion , the guitar .
When other kids are happy that makes me happy . I like it Because it makes me feel good Because you do n't haf't
( have ) to have words to go owling but you haf't to have hope to see an owl .
to playing the counter strike , walking to the park , going the shopping and ca n't stand watching the blood .
Hi , Jenny
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor than see before is Vin Deasel , it is an excellent professional and he protagonized a great deal of movies like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies bulletproof and other extras films .
This is one of my favourite actor because , when he is recording a film he assume his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .
Another of my favourites is Will Smith , he appeared in the well - known film , Men in Black and others excellent films like I am Legend .
This is for me and many people an excellent actor because his personality is extroverty .
This topic has controversial opinion these days , That everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university .
This way helps them also to explore the job market , some jobs are in great demand compared to others .
It is better to finish study first then go for work or having relaxation with travel .
In my opinion I Think it greatly depend on individual financial situation .
As I you have monetary that can cover your expenses on travel is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expense .
the development technology and Industry very fast , so the public transport no future ,
Congratulations for your weding , I hope you will be all your life as happy as you are now .
Thank you very much Joe for think in me for to be your witnees , I feel very proud that you think in me for to be your witnees and of course I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
Joe I have the same memory as I was a child , and I do n't remember to much Sophie .
Could you describe me her ? .
In other way , I never be a witness , what I have to do ?
, tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .
I will be at home for my mother birthday in november , and if you can we could have a drink .
Any way congratulations for Jenny and you again .
hello , good morning
When you drive you must take precautions at all times because if you can not cause an accident
Some desventejas may not have the money to maintain it , and they always remember that the car should give you a service and not to him , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine so you do not fail .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
There are mobile phone which has a face to face communication ; the transportation driven by solar cell energy .
Even though the personal car was consumed more and more because of its convenient ; in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will perform public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
Imagine if everyone has individual cars , may we walk on the top of the car to meet neighbour by the next door .
Therefore , public transportation is deemed significant in order to reduce density on the road , the traffic .
Although the personal car is popular , the public transport is still be valuable for the country
Hope , You will be free at 6 a.m.
In my opinion , weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break but allow us to enrich ourself .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to university taking part to reduce the carbon dioxide emission from my car .
I am writing to tell you that I ca n't go to the marathon with you , because the distance is too long for me , I 'm not fit enough for this .
I'm sorry , maybe next year I can go .
I really think that , we should speak English .
The next year , in October , I 'll go as aupair to Oxford . where I hope to learn English .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier
I should go in October . for 7 months .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier
The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer , I think that play it is a good way to enjoy .
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want , is a very good game I think that is the best " shooter " and that " Artic Combat " too is well .
I am a very well player in this , I know play it very good .
Summer holiday ,
I did n't have a long holiday , it was just for 3 days but these 3 days were the best in my life .
I must say that I went there because my sister is living there so I did n't have to book a room at the hotel and spending too much money .
I went to the Vatican and Rome , I saw their massive buildings which were impressive and their old houses .
The weather was fantastic , I love bathing in the sun and resting on the hot sand on the beach .
Am Melody Martinez , I 'm 26 years old , I was born in Mexico .
one of my passions in this world is help people , any kind of people , old , disability , poor people and kids .
Peter studeded and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally his mother will see him after four year separate .
Secondly , recycling waste . after collecting it , then transport to factories to recycle it to useful materials , we can use it again in all aspects in our life .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of environment to increase environmental awareness among people to encourage them to take care of their city , and how they can recycle some rubbish to beneficial objects to exploit it at home .
At the end , he continue running , thanks for this , he approached his goals .
first we uses Internet to discover the world 's news , from Internet we can check and read world 's most famous newspaper such as new York times , the sun and also electronic newspaper .
Internet also can be used to learn and to educate yourself , internet allow us to read books , magazines and short stories .
Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job , many people uses Internet to work , and they earning money every month .
As a conclusion internet is making things better and easier , life now is always connected to the Internet .
Visiting this small village you will enjoy a rural tourism with charm .
Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , besides tasting its exquisit oil .
Meet their Patron saint San Isidro and get the most out of their memorable party in his honor .
Since I was young I like swimming and when I grew up I told my mum that I want to make competitions .
The first time it 's difficult like other sport because you do n't know and you have to imporve by yourself but if you like it you will find fascinating .
Also I remember my first competitions , I did n't win I was like the 4th but I was n't sad because I though that the next time I will do my best and probably I would win .
I went to swim like 4 hours a week and it was amazing because I improve a lot and right now I 'm one of the best .
If you want to take up swimming I will recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time you make exercise
In the past most of people did not too worry about their healthy .
In those days almost 80% of people have assured feel preocupation about their bodies and their alimentation , for this they convidenced me that they will try improve their habitual alimentation everyday and their will do sport more frequently .
As I the most people we start to do sport because we are stressed and needed go out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
One day I went to do running and since that moment I have not stopped .
The moment perfect is when you want , in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening or in the night .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks they are squares in Tampico , the better shopping they are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero , the most important parks they are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
The beach at night is a one better place for happen with your family
In conclusion I 'd like to offer my aid if anything would be necessary .
My name is Andreia , I am 27 years old . I am a very friendly person and I have experience in this area .
Last summer I worked with children aged 10 years old during a month and I had organised some activities on the beach such as football games and gym classes .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , it is in need of evolution , that might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best manner to get to places which roads and geographical areas might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
Firstly , all people can buy a lot of type of some things in my city for example in the centre of the city we can be souvenirs because this town has got old monuments , theatre and churches .
In north of the city people sell all types of food .
Normally this food are made when people did in the past , although , the best street market is in the west of the city .
However you can read a book while you can eat and drink some things in the sofa of street .
Finally , people can know the biggest shopping center of Spain , the situation of this shopping center is in the national street 445 in west of the city .
All it begin when daughter will come to visit her mother and her step father .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen but for your surprise it always turns up for something unexcepted .
Despite the fact that there is n't any holywood star all the characters are played very believable and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .
Even the scenery is not based on real story it will makes you think about accidents happening around you .
Sometimes I felt that the background songs do n't match with what was happening but after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it .
In toward to modernization of life and technology the people belief in different perspective about way of life , but majority of ones is totally utopic .
In the biggest cities around the world the traffic nonstop and increase every day .
In the morning We went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cat , horse and many animals .In the afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on top of voice and called for help .Actually I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch and a lot of games .At the end of the day I was just like running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
Last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other , she gave me a present and called me to keep it for her .
In case of Internet learning we can oneself set hours of learning .
On the other hand , through the Internet learning on a long term we could feel bored or lonely , School gives opportunity of learning in group when students may help each other and resolve problems .
Malcolm Young is a guitarist that with his brother founded the rock band : AC / DC .
He never has been the most famous guitarist in the world , He was just one more guitar player .
However he never has thought in this like a problem .
But Why I did this article about someone who looks like a simple guitarist , the reason is just one , the life , this man who one day just disapper from the fanactics ' eye .
On sepmtember 2014 , a note was realized and published in AC / DC 's webpage , the note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
The dementia is an illness that affect the brain , people 's memory were lost , Malcolm do n't remember who is the people surround him .
Live you only have a life , today , perhaps tomorrow you lost all .
Relationship can be very different ?
But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brother our enemy , without the reason .
I think every family has got a television in own home and for example I have 4 televions in mine .
For me television has advantages and disadvantages .
These are advantages but we can have also disadvantages from them .
For example we can become addicted to our television .
In general I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and tv and other similar things are responsable for our problems with helth and eyesight .
So television has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us how to behave with it .
As keep our mind good and healthy we need to spend our some times in sport .
I like cricket is the best among all of these sports cricket is a good mind refreshing game
I picked up the phone and composed the number of his girlfriend Lisa .
I live in the beautiful city of Siena which is famous for its landscapes .
If you come to Siena there are a number of shops you should visit .
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) , she is a great friend with Carlota Pedralba , as well as best friends she has some enemies .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing , she has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... AS you see she is an artist at drawing .
There are many swimming pools in Hong Kong people love to swim with their families , friends or their children .
I 'm going to visit your hotel from June,6 to June , 24
The last mistake that I have had to have been when I changed the telephone company because since I changed I have many troubles .
After a month I did n't know when I will receive my telephone .
Since that moment all have been problems .
On starting I was really biring and I want stop played .
before starting talking about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the most thing I love in my life , I respect them appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .
about my rest of family , as I said before they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends almost , but I do love them to much , first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other who still alive , but i do n't feel that felling of love towards my uncle , I do love him , but he is just my uncle no more .
at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love too much , and also the rest of my family
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL that it is an incorrect .
The sport is very importatnt of our body it has many benefits to emprove our selves and give us self confedant so we should practice any sport we love because it can change our mind to the better .
A bout me I like playing volly ball and I enjoy thes sport when I play it because of being useful for my body .
The benefits of any sport make your healthy good so we can do it just make exercise every morning to make your blood preasure run in all your body .
He is an athletic runner that has imposed a new global record , nobody believes in him not media either his own father in him .
When he was just about cursing the final line he got hurt and his mussels was dying and star to peel off a black matter , at that point the guys in suit thought that he wo n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running , they freeze the time and run after him , he stopped for a moment but then , he start running again and when he cross the line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped out from the matrix , he opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was on a wood wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again , besides that , he stands up and tried to walk again .
basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .
There was a island that each year in some moth come a hurricane this island is located in a equator then the people went to this island currently but they ca n't went when the hurricane is there because they can dead in the hurricane .
The island was flood but the island had a levee that prevent a flooding then in many year a engineers star constructing a building to had more money then in the city put many advertising in all thing : ball , balloon , movies , etc .
The engineers need help to construct the building , they call to the professional to saw what is wrong .
Then the engineers call to other sector to ensure the doubt of Atlantis then the professional say that other was correct .
Them they drink a cafe that give them many energy to construct faster the building , this café has a combination for the people can to live all the night .
Then one elevator did n't function then they had a fight to find who was the blame of the elevator .
The people did n't know that this was cycle because the engineers did n't say of this hurricane .
But the engineer ignore this circumstance then a helicopter comes to safe the residents .
This helicopter had humid then the helicopter star to rotate in all the island then the helicopter go sinking in the water then the hurricane finished the engineers start to distribute the food and medicine .
Then the engineers discover that the eye of the hurricane was widespread of the island and that island it was hemisphere then in the city qualify to the people that work in this building .
When I started to study here in Australia . I have been found the difference of curriculum in my home country .
In my home country , when I was in the University it has a little bit easy for me to follow the educational policies .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influence or the nature of the student population , attending universities and now this shift affects , and is affected by university policy and practiced are important issue .
However , one friend disappears then the four friends decided to discover where is him .
Therefore public transport has its own importance .
In order to avoid the environmental pollution , people should use the public transport that will not only help to reduce the pollution but also the extra expenditures for the petrol .
In my country the weddings are celebrated from Spring to Autumn .
If the wedding is in the morning women wear short dress on the contrary if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dress .
But , you can travel by plane , it is not very expensive .
My advice of finding work , is a bit complicate because nowadays there are a lot of people without work .
But you can been lucky because the summer is very near and the work increase .
Good luck
I expected that day during long time , it was my wedding 's day .
In the sprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba so I accepted excited .
I met with my boyfriend 5 years ago so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .
My best friend is Jennifer Giordano , she 's Pretty and Smart .
Besides that the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose private room to support our farewell dinner .
You can order packages menu that Huang Ji Huang offered or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot but you must choose 3 until 5 ingredients .
But if you do not like spicy you can also try the Honey Sauce .
Every month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .
When I remember that moment I am exciting .
Some people guess the nuclear power has a great value to produce power instead of the fossil fuels such as : coals and oil which are Not renewable energy .
These kinds of weapons do not kill one or ten but destroy a large town completely .
In my opinion using the nuclear power is important with the great development in the humans life.the countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure the power for people .
Yesterday I was surfed the Internet and find on an amazing site www.bargainstime.com
By train you did n't will have always place for your luggage .
By plane you can give your luggage at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . you can be always sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
For more than thirty year in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " a traditional restaurant with a typical cook of the coast of Málaga .
With your drink the first portion is on the house .
If you pay between one and three euros you can choose little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .
The portion of prawns is very famous as octopus salad , which is known by everyone .
The service is very organised and fast , although it might be in high season you would not have to wait a long time .
For several decades the population has been discussing arguments for and against GM food .
In the first quarter , we can see that sales rose , in the second quarter , sales went up but in the third quarter , sales were unchanged .
My favourite sport is football , I love it .
I enjoy play it , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this for me is really important .
The thing I like best in football is play it , but I also like watching it , intact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
Ok there are some fans who are n't good people but the most important associations of football are trying to stop they and to abolish all bad things in football .
For all the people I advise to start to play or watching football because for me it is a very good sport , but you can play a good football only if you really like it , because first football is fun .
However some people are not care of environment that mean some people throw garbage away in the park .
I think almost everyone loves parks because a lot of people go to the park and having lunch , picnic , excersise , nap etc .
Even though do not everyone doing that , so how much public office is care of environment is important and this town is care of that a lot .
Every morning some peasons are coming park and cleaned that makes feel really thanksgratitude .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and roads are clean so I think many population are care of town as well .
There are many sports grounds for example tennis cort , football grounds and play equipment for child so I think my town takes care of environment that makes everyone will be able to best condition in both mind and body long time .
Espesialy there are a lot of greens these makes good health .
However someone have to take care of them .
After I have been to live in England with my family I have goton the feel very much indeed .
This movie is bases quote on quote on a " true story " buts obviously director michael bay know for the transformers franchise puts a lot of hollywood into this movie , its about a bodybuilder named daniel lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his properties , which obviously its not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventualy police get him .
Its a great funny movie especially for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .
We saw a lot of sights like the Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world and the London Eye .
To got to the Big Ben we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye a red bus .
Of course we do n't have 2 million balls for each student no we share with each other .
do you know do I enjoy my sport I will tell you why because when you play you have fun and interested .
My favoutite character is Joey , who is a silly innocent man .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our life , definitely families play an essential role community structure .According to the experts we ca n't create successful society without creative families , and one another specific part of your life is a good partners surrounding your daily activities .
One of the main advantage of family is the recogniton you have been given in specific age , children required special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family .For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education , job and adapt to society .
the last film I wachd was " the oders " by it is a horror / suspense movie , I was really scared .
It is about a family ( the mother and her two children nicholas and anne ) , the mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the lightin general .
so the did n't come outside in the day , and in a room it could not be more than a candle at a time , it had to be always dark in the house .
Strange things happen in the house , they are " intruders " in the house , anne saw many times someone called victor who " play 's "
and the mother thinks she is lyeing but after a while she believe her and started searching for the intruders .
At the end theintruders turn out to be ghosts that
I think nowadays is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there ir no future for public transportation it is not completely true , I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
Another reason is that here in Mexico , in some cities you ca n't use your car in specific days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .
we made our university proud plus helping people .
Does why , is easy to believe that if things continue with this rhythm and transforming everything , in a closer future of 50 years everything is gon na be completely knew and different .
But then industrialization comes and with that , the technology , so ways of life 's started to change and everything start to go faster .
As I told you before because of the technology many things has become able in less time , and with the pass of the years this tend to increase .
Also allows that researches can be share easily or for example you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as we 'll so you can react faster and make some changes .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
As a result we will be need to change fast , to try to fix what we broke and star to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
They are tending to work as much as men 's , so is hard to have time for building a family or even some times is hard too , thinking about getting married .
I studied in Kuwait schools , after that I joined Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine , I graduated from it in 2008 with very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with Excellent grade .
Now I 'm working in voluntary works , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others
On the one hand society become increasingly fat and kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat clean .
On the other hand it 's hard to implement this idea .
the aim of this report is to provide assessment to relocate the current canteen of the campus to a location more accessible for all the students , hence it will hopefully prove both , the profitability of the canteen and the relevant role it plays for all the students in the campus .
As all of us know that today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .
An in the process of owning we have moving so ahead that a day will be there when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
As our country is developing there will days were each and every individual will be self reliant and would definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commute from one distance to the other .
In 1999 they 're some college friends went to desert in their Holley , they have a camping to get a fun .
But in some day tow guise with quad bike and they saw some thing wrong they sad what 's that , they sow dead body , they skared and run to ther camp .
after two days poleas sow some boody in crime scene the poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .
television serves the multipurpose of entertaining and educating people.in order to cope up the competiting world and get recognized in the corperative world one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
Television has become one of the means to reduce the stress levels.besides providing entertainment television has also become a source of information .
Well I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engeering sustainable development .
To be honest I take the finals exams like a challenge and it becomes exciting for me and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and the most of the times I have good grade .
Sometimes I trust a lot and I have a bad grades so I feel depressed .
Nowadays the public transporte is n't hardly necessary for our life .
Moreover it 's not only traffic 's problem but also bad condition .
How can we recover the pubilc transporte .
The recenty years before , a family had only one car but today we have a car for ourselves .
in modern day there is very little public transpotr are used , ganeral public prefer much faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though the pulic transport are used in mager citys to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco friendly .
Many people said that public transport is not confortable , that s true , from my point of view bus is not so unconfortable .
Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some little disadvantages , it 's also very usefull for some people .
In my opinion public transport souldn't dissapear .
In the evening I would like to spend some time with those kids by organising some indoor and outdoor games for them .
I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I have some busy or tight scheduled work , I have come across your advertisement For this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every aspect because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be pleased to know for your positive reply .
My town tries to take care of the environment but sometimes it is not possible .
Nevertheless , in the last decade some neighborhoods have taken conscience on their context .
In my opinion this sport teaches to mature because in addition to set up the person physically , it instructs the mind .
In addition , it has a lot of facilities that serve students like kindergarten that takes care of children these employees , university housing , hospital the student of medicine can be application in it and it serves the people too , and a big library has many books in various languages .
Besides that it availability some services like transporting for students and faculty , some restaurants , and mini market .
In the end , large colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing friendships more from different nationalities , also it serves the community by graduating many students in various majors .
Once upon a time there was a boy his name is Michael .
Someday he woke up early at the morning he go out for playing football before school , when he 's playing he saw something running very fast and go away .
after school he did n't go to his home directly to check if what he saw at the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
Next day he woke up early too not to play football but to take a look if this stranger will come back this morning . and he saw it again .
he jump from his bed to the street and walk to his way to see what he did every morning.when he walk after the stranger man he notice that he stopped in every trash in the street to take a look and go to the next one , and guess what he saw Michael and run away also Michael was afraid .
The organisation has reached its current position , because of people like you .
This becomes the concern of the employers since it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
But everything became out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked on her abdomen , the substance spilles through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of his capacity .
During this time she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD Professor of University , to ask him what happens if a person reaches the 100% of his mental activity or IQ .
Nowadays people are using own cars instead of public transport , this effect is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport cost more than small cities .
Pople are getting used to drive with their own car , it provides more confortability , and is more practical .
The impact of this fact has a huge consequences in the climate effect , in the futre the global pollution will increase according to the level of the cars .
If we will travel by car have more pollutes that with public transport .
With the car I feel more free as I do n't depend to other people for move to the site .
I believe that in the future all transport will be with the public transport or least with massive transport .
Recently I saw the trailer of the film about vampires .
He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all stores were closed so he had to found a solution .
However , flowers were n't enough so he decided to think in anything else .
it is a true statement about cars , travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new tecnologies apply to the
Many of us do not get enough time in the morning , to prepare our lunch for the office .
University education is good for the students but they also need to learn industry specific skills .
At university level , availability of IT training , software and manuals provide an ever accessible source of information , that otherwise would not be at hand .
Also ' internet ' in our days helps to get information all over the world , and if you wish to get involved then go to the www.bbc.co.uk.These sites are free way to find most adequate information about actual events both in society and technical life .
Michael was told me he was knew about this contest and at that moment he want to call me to ask , if I am able to came with him at that contest .
When I opened the door imagine my surprised by what I saw .
" Golem " as we all know , are magical creatures , made from mud and having black rocks for the eyes , which can be brought to life by a incantation .
I looked at them trying to think of something to do and then I said : " Come on boys , WE are going to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "
One night , which we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave , out of Los Angeles .
for example , if you go to another city by car , you may spent more than two days on the way .
Thus , it is important to use public transport because it is much cheaper than private car , and everyone can consume .
Nowadays public transportation is included almost all around the planet , We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century but due to the globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in a continuos transformation :
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choisses like cars , motorbikes , busses , train but also as we were talking about , planes .
As we were talking , the new ecological movement is every time more powerful and charismatic , due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age , there are also linked to the new fashion way to be hipster .
In conclusion , we are assisting to a new tend in transport , every time , they are faster and more developer , with the latest technology included but at the oppossite case , we find also a contradiction , as we found an other trend for the tradictional transport which avoid the pollution in order to respect the Earth
I agree that communiting by car is easier and faster than most of the public transportation ; however , there are serious problems come after it ; the amount of vehicles on the roads keep increase and make congestion and pollution which are far more severe than the inconvenience causing by public transportation .
Many thanks for your message ,
Then if you want we could go to the restaurant of the city
later if you want we could fiand a job for three months , in my opinion a good job for three months I could be the waiter because the waiter get much money in the three months of the summer .
also I believe that a good job could be lifeguard , because in summer the people go to the beach and they need lifeguard .
If I were you I would choose lifeguard because the lifeguard earn much money than the waiters .
If you want we could go to the capital city of my country , we will go by the car because the car is cheaper than the bus or train , we could eat in the famous restaurant of the city or we could go to the cinema also if you want I could visit the medieval wall .
I am looking forward to see you
However the extensive use of mobiles create lot of problems .
To begin with now a days people are addicted to mobiles.for example young people wasting their valuable time in mobiles .
Moreover their concentration is reduced .
To sum up let people aware about the drawbacks of phones and use it wisely .
This facility helps the general people in saving their money because usually these transport are the less costly .
The first time when I ride on the horse I was 14 and since that time I enjoy it very much .
When I ride on the horse I feel myself much better and forget all of my problems .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies , however this kind of movies is actually sometimes a little bad , but in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was absolutely surprised about this one .
Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan 's movie which includes the participation of some Hollywood 's stars such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
public transport has a big role in transportation specially in large cities like Capital city of countries , using the car some times causes traffic jam if all person uses their own car , to avoid this a good roadways is needed , also the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
for that reason using own car is more comfortable than public transport , you can travel when ever you like and where ever you want .
finally , in the near future most peoples will be using their own car , because it saves much time as comparing with public transport and time factor will be more expensive in the future .
My favourite day it is Saturday because I do not need work or study , so I can go out with my friends and on Sunday I can wake up very late
i know that i am not professional player and i am n't belong to any team but i like this game .basketball is so simple play but it is need Speed , concentration and The ability to determine the distances , it contains of two team of five player and each team try to get a high point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most in this game is that The fewest number of player can play it even two player , i recommend everyone to exert it especially with their friends or families ,
I wake up early like 7 am , at this moment go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then go to kitchen
The most common are bus and train , but in the cities people can use tram , subway or boat and for the long distance they can take a flight .
We should think of our better future and try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge pollution , which is by cars caused and do n't think only to our comfort .
Here you are the recipe : First , bring some materials like : a pan , water , one or more eggs , and sure a stove .
In the future you 'll have to spend a lot of money for the university , the new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too but it 's not simple , actually .
Actually , where I live the public transport is highly used , It seems that in the near future they wo n't disappear .
In fact in some countries overdeveloped may will extinguish because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .
Whenever I find an interesting book I buy it immediately .
Public transport is more convenient than cars , many ways.when we use public transport that benefits many ways .
In future cutting down public transport affects many of the people .
As our population growing fast in a family both husband and wife working and children at university able to drive , so you are looking per house least 3 cars , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
As now fuel price coming down that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever , price go up and down .
In summary public transport is important for our community and people has to raise their concerns regarding this .
Stopping public transport not going to gain anything rather than impact will be unpredictable .
I think sport is a good exercise for need to exercise people , I have a suggestion that want to have good health , choose a interest sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's will be fun and health your physical constitution .
Michael just had realized that he did n't heard the alarm clock so he get in panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .
He jumped out of bed and had quick shower , there was no time for breakfast consequently he decided to buy aomething to eat near the office .
After the shower he bring his suit , but he had forgotten that he did n't do the iron last day , moreover he hasn't got any other ironed one so he did it quickly .
In spit of that he was dessed up on time .
Although it was n't , he had forgotten to unplug the iron .
Nowadays basketball is the sport which rules in the USA .
According to the results of a questionnarie ( Houston habitants)and most of them , play basketball to forget the homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
Also they think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sport which is more intense .
Furthermore , they give advice to those all novice on basketball " do n't ever lost the passion " if because they give up , they wo nt play with the biggest players of the wolrd .
It is the way I can unwind because my study it 's stressful .
It gives me a sense of achievement , for these reasons I would like to do every day .
I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdor immersed in nature .
Since then every year i go in north Italy to practice .
Hello Oskar !
first public transport is neither comfort nor safe .
public transport is very crowded so you may not have a seat .I hate public transport as I was attacked by mad man once .also taxi is not a good transport .I wish I have my own car soon to get rid of public transport . travelling with your car make it easier and better .
I am writing regard that your service of outsourcing because I am currently having a problem with my accounted for this reason I am looking for a new service that can help me .
If you can have this service may you are the people that I am looking .
I 'm a really sportive person I love to different sports I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that do exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
I think one of my favorites sports of all is the atletism I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be every day better than you where yesterday , it force you to improve every time , also is an exercise that help all your body , especially the legs because it gives them great strength , but also your hands because they have to be in a constant movement , and all the body in general because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and help you to have coordination .
I enjoy running a lot because it relax me , I let out all my worries and frustrations , so it makes me happy .
I recommended all the people who wants to run that if you do n't feel like you 're improving anyway keep going and whit the time you will see results .
I am not sure that mines is the best family in the world but I am pretty sure that I have the best parents I could never wished for .
Sidi has 24 years old and at least is Joni , who has only 15 years old .
Generally I miss them all because I live in a distant city away from where my family lives now .
I used to live with them for 25 years a Genoa but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .
Once upon a time a boy was six years old .
When Lionel was around Michael , the boy was happy .
One day I had a surprise , I have met a teacher and he invited me to tranee in a huge gym in a team .
Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to play my studuies in the High school , so the life changes anyway , I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I should need to study in that moment it was more important for me .
Today I do not play volleyboll anymore , but I really enjoy dancing , now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .
The hugest gab is in 1981 where is the cheapest price combined to the highest expanditure of cigarette packs in the whole interval .
Later both lines changed their regular trends so there are an huge imbalance again .
World is progressing rapidly , day by day there is a new ways of transportation , there is a new technology .
So that , transportation was one of the most important issues faced human , because it is related to the interaction between people like trading and many other purposes .
From this point every human have the ability to buy a car and also buy his rest he will not hesitate to do it .
But we do n't if this change would be good or bad , I hope that will be good but let 's talk about it .
Fistly , i 'd like to talk about employments , i think that these are the most important thing to worry about , if our studies get better , we will create more employments and as a result the economical situation of the country will be better .
In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry about the future we just have to carry on in present and do it the better we can .
Anyway , I was guessing if you want to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio 's movie because I heard that action movies are your favourites .
today many people use their own vehicle for instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is easy and convenient way to travel to the job and any other personal work . therefore , it can be seen the demand for public transport getting low and lover .
however , even though everybody has their own vehicles they will have to use public transport once the roads are full of vehicles .
I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor and can fulfill their dream , many ca n't get what they accomplished those players today are very famous
Some people prefer play together but also there competition between players .
In the future people 's live had better .
Nowadays there are a lot of things that we doing the live easier .
Besides they said that in all the moment : ' Carpe diem ' .
the last member is me , I 'm Aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
I love my family but everybody staying and living in different place or country .
the best brother for me is the second one who is a dentist .
Anyway i 'm very happy to write for you .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Researches show that the private cars are used most often carrying few person at a time , what makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances expelled to the environment each time that the engine is started .
But she is boyfriend live upstate and hasn't got a airport he 's of city because of that she was need choose by train .
She was just prepared a suitcase after that went to train station .
Another good option is give them a difficult work for every day keep them busy , but I do n't know what kind of job can be , because a person who commit a crime is n't going to do something to help society like communitarian service .
Firstly I thought
What if it were my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened to my job .
It went on ringing and with great fear I clicked on the green button .
Luckily it was my colleague Jane who wanted to drink a cp of fresh coffee with me .
The flowchat provides an overview of the steps of making bank notes , it shows that how bank notes are manufacted from designing to thing we can used .
Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet).Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example the colour printed on both sides , Special ink is used and imges slightly raised .
There are not very big Supermarket near my home but there is a nice one .
There are some big shelves in center of market are divided to some different parts for kinds of goods like Dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiment , beans , grains , rice , etc .
Also a section for Detergents , tissue , perfumes , etc .
You can see some store fridge around the market for Drinks and Dairy like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream Also chest freezers for Ice creams .In a corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find their required .
when you talk with someone have you ever thought in your words before you say it ?
you must think a little bit before you talk as one word causes a lot of pain for others for the rest they lives .you may not actually notice that but you will feel what am really mean if someone tells you a painful words .
for example a kid named Michael .
Michael is a good boy and he always listen to his mother .on time Michael was very angry as he got a bad score in his test .when he was home his mother was cooking she asked him what is the wrong ?
I prefer travel in the car or motorbike , i am feeling security .
Also i can see the air pollution is tallest .
In the morning , I go to the school in bus with my brothers but they get out earliest .
once upon the time there was a little man called Michael , that man has a heart of a little child and the brave of big man .
he had a girlfriend called sinha who was a girl with a big heart but unfortunately broken one .
one day Michael decided to make a surprise party to sinha to make her happy and feel his love more so he arranged everything and to keep it surprise to her he was busy all the time and did not show off all the week as usual .that make sinha worried and suspect that Michael do not love her any more and know another girl and she become extremely sad and even it become worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to make the surprise to her but he did not answer his phone after that .
when he come she start crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything she started to cry louder and accused him of cheating that make michael astonished how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him and he told her that he can not stand that anymore he would break up with her and he left .Michael close the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
There 's no discussion which is my favourite restaurant in town , The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class to take our last farewell there .
Our class has reformed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming we have always been welcoming about it , and not at least towards the new ones .
It 's not necessarily to be nice and keen to everyone but our class actually is , in the weekends the whole class gather in different events together .
What I just told is what the restaurant Seaside means to me . Welcoming .
It all started in the Parson Institute in the class of art history students of the race of Fine Arts in the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , commissioned a task to his students , saying :
After 4 days all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , to a student , her name was Sandra , she arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , old in which only had a name written in a style different letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , and out of the room , closed the door and Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .
this sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about to leave this sport . because in later time I hate a blood , so I think a lot of time to leave this sport . but it is dominated to me .
it 's makes me likes an animal when i 'm standing and get ready to fight i 'm convert into enemy.i'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tried to stop me .
Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
I am from spain so my foreign language is Spanish
I start to study another language when I was a child , I started learning English because every one said that English is the future language , when I finished my school time I tried to study French but it was so difficult for me .
I have to say that study another language give you more opportunities because on these days you need to now other language to look for a work and be more inteligent than your college to take the work and that 's great .
And to day is necessary because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversation with their you need to now more than your foreign language , because in the rest of the world and particularly in Europe people now more than two language and that great .
I think learning other language never have drawbacks because all you learn is good for you and your main , you never stop to now new things .
However I do not agree with them because in most part of the world mass transport system is still popular and they are environment friendly and cost efficient .
It carries more people while private vehicle carries fewer people .
Finally , Public transport 's cost efficient .
Human beings have destroyed our environment along the time and now , the earth is in danger .
I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash throwing it in different bags .
If the war or other dangerous threat the safety of country , they can not get help from other countries immediately .
Consequently , people could be more independent and strong , they seems to earlier become mature than other people who do not completed military service .
dear .
This is danbi from ueecx13
I was in a museum of New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I hear the alarm of the museum everyone was afraid including me .
I search for any clue and I found something , it was a piece of paper with an address on it .
I decided to wait , and hide on the bushes if I see someone entering .
In the night I see a shadow entering the house .
We were on the terminal of New York it was a very famous landmark .
They threaten all the people cruelly so all the sightseers were angry with them .
However the modernization of the terminal was unknown to me so I was completely lost .
We entered on a train , the ceiling was comfortable but everyone was objecting of the two men .
When we arrived we were on the other side of the city of New York the features were so common because it was a good economic and conveniently because would attract more tourists .
I finally trap them their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker I tell the police and the police put them on jail .
After the bus arrived he ride on and half an hour he arrived to the destination .
After waiting an hour the time comes and bravely with high confident level he walke to the office .
Suddenly his water floaded and tears drop from his eyes .
Peter without doubt hugged the intertiewer who is a man about 4o years old .
The man who is crying together with him was his father that have leave peter and his mom because they had divorce 6 years ago .
Killed two birds with a stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation because he got his beloved father back and still can pursue his dream to studies in ireland.q
i want the job for the summer camp i 'm looking for children between 8 - 12 years old i will help to organise sports and evening activities and if you want i could work in the kitchen
People complaint about how the information about different TV shows do n't contribute in the process of learning , that 's why many of This programmes are considered trash , because of the multiples shows such as realities , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that are appeared recently , this type of programs where the information is often gossip about personal life of famous singers and actors without taking into count if they are true or not .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you going to from a specificlly place but in a bus you go to the bus stop and no to your house or school , work ...
It is better from the people be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , the drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government pay , this money bacame do to make more work for others .
No all is good some people haven't got money ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is the government give the money to the population to buy an electric car .
I do n't know what is better no public transport or public transport .
There is no future for public transport since everybody prefer to use their own car .
public transport is always crowded so it is not comfort to travel
At last , only one person could be alive even those sacrificed had tried to escape this horrible result .
I can not find a word to describe this film easily , what can I say is you will be regret if you miss this film .
This first reason is all actors shown their talent in this film directly and audience can follow their steps and the story certainly , this essential element which also makes a big success to the film .
Besides , the attractive story line makes a lot of climax so that everyone can finish this film from the beginning to the end and creates the billion box office to this film .
However , I think the tools should be improved , such as killer 's knife and actors'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .
My wife 's name is Maritza , she is 30 years old , she is a beautiful and joyful woman , my son 's name is Rafi , he is 3 years old , he is very handsome and fun child .
My wife likes to go outside when she is free , she likes to visit touristic places .
My son likes playing sports , he is very little but he plays football , she is a very active child .
I 'm studiying medicine , this major is too challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there are a lot of information .
This major involves all , always we have to consider the all possibilities to resolve homework , you have to know the most possible information for can resolve it .
When you got the answer or solution you can see that all effort worthwhile .
I like travelling with my family and friends , I like travelling because I can meet new people , places and cultures .
I love my cousin 's house so I always visit him .
The name of my Best Friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela , we are strange friends , we anre in 6º together and in that moment we bacame friends .
I have two pets , a dog and a bird .
Also this summer i went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
Now our company is going to do multidimensional operation , not just focus on furniture but also for home appliance .
In addition , we will adjust company 's management direction in each department depend on market 's reaction and environment
We have sold our products to KA system for few years , however , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods , it means cheat and have no enter obstacles for other supplier .
We will search the market demand based on our core products , also produce high quality products .
Also for our wire rack , plastic
London is a good example and Barcelona too .
We have different cultures here , and two main languages , Arabic and Amazigh .
Morocco is a kingdoom , like Spain and England , We have king and princes .
On Monday me and my friend Chrissy went to the Big Ben .
After we came back I told my family everything .
Firstly , hyrid cars only allowed to use during weekends as result of this most people not using there cars all the week .
In addtion to that recyclable waste , sell and the money will be given to respective person .
football is a fameous sport you can whatch it on tv or yo can see it on direct.there ara a lot of level categories , the most fameous categorie is the first .
people that they play in this categorie are fameous althoug you can see them on tv.if you want to be a big football player you must to practise more time and yoor life should to be healthy .
How are you ? I am fine ,
I am very sad to hear you say that you are going to leave our school soon , I do n't really want you to leave this school !
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world!many of our class classmate really like you too!We know that you are going to teach Discovery - bay primary school .My English result is better once you taught me I really love you , Ms Cumings!your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you two both I hope you that you will come back some times !
The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an Englishl seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 , they are separately an ice - cream van and an indoor public swinmming pool .
When she looked at him from under her long eyelashes he turned away and stared at the landscape outside .
Nowadays we constantly use means of transport to go everywhere so that our lifestyle .
We are used to travel by car , in fact each family has one .
Certainly cities will be crowded in the future because population is always increasing .
Using your own car to go to the citycentre could be a nightmare , it would be a stressful waste of time .
Finally goberments and society are concerned about the environment and I consider that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emitions .
From my point of view public transport will not disappear even if cars are much more comfortable , faster and more evolved than now .
The life divided to terms of time , we live through time , we grow with time
till Now , we talk in time and finally , we perish after time .
once moment lost is lost for ever .
it can never be regained even the strongest monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .
in my town there are a lot of old people , and there are nor much children , because they love in other cities .
I love my town , because when I was a small girl , I went there , and I was with my grandparents , my cousins and my friends .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed , factors of considerations including the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandrie city of Egypt and it talks about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they did n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn or love
In the big cities they have began to build green buildings , they use the electricial public transport not to pollute .
In my opinion there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect it , we will not help our habitat .
The most exciting day on my life was May 9th , last year , when I attend the secondary school .
After six hours we had lunch on a fast food to France .
Next we visited a famous aquarium where I looked a lot of fish .
The days after we were in a parfurms and I bought a present for my mum .
In the end my friends and I jumped into the sea .
That is funny but makes me nervous .
when the children went out it became sad .
I was seventeen years old , when I decided to accept this work .
This experience helped me a lot because I become much more responsible not only with these boys but also with my brothers and sister ( I had two brothers and one sister)and I have learned the meaning to work and receive money .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .
First of all let me to introduce my town I live in Kabul city the capital of Afghanistan .
This town is located in the central zone of the Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) space , and has more than seven Million populations , the economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have directly effect in to the carefulness of environment .
Fortunately Kabul structured by Mountains and have mountainous climate , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect for the Kabul city environment and producing Fresh air for the citizens of the mentioned town
Actually there are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sports for me is football .
Dear mr / ms of summer camp .
I studied in an English school and learning English since I was a child , my teachers were all natives and I practised my English with them always .
After I studied to be English teacher in the university of Extremadura .
I have organized activities like : sports , visit to city , festivals , etc .
I love be with them , they help me to do my work , they teach me to be better person , I have more patient now and I know now to be happy .
Then , it can play indoor , also , it can play under the sun .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you , expect good for health , it also can make a lot
It seems to me a complete sport because you can practise it in pairs or in an individual way .
Because if you are trying to win you will lose the most important thing , to discover how wonderful to play a sport could be .
now days young people are influence towards the western culture so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .
Two years ago when I was still in school .
But I could n't go with them at the time , I was sick a lot .
One day my friend invited me to karate .
It was strange because I never went to the sports .
After one month my instructor told me that I will go to the competition .
Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami.when I left I had a special feeling many people look and clapping .
It took 3 minutes I won with three accounts too .
This time I felt like a Champion it was really especially feeling .
My most exciting day was the June 8th 2014 , an international competition in Belgium .
The day before there were the qualifications , that I passed .
The day of the finals I was so nervous , but determined .
Eventually I placed 7th both beam and floor , and after we took the photos I go back to the changing room .
I was really surprised and happy , I would never have thought !
Baker them for 15 minutes
I need the services for a year so Can you provide those services ?
As the technologies world is moving fast and the auto mobile industry is also coming with new variant of cars & scooters in very economical way .
Which was time consuming and obliviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to other .
Since today worlds is time saving world hence people do n't care about their pocket .
Public transport is a very useful resource , you can travel without polluting the atmosphere and it is very cheap .
It will be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and as well for the countries because we will save a lot of money
Some people think that this is possible but I disagree because it confuses roles in the family .
The parents have to give education to the children over obviously love
In conclusion I think that two relationship are different .
In the public transport you do n't have your own sit so sometimes you travel standing which is not very comfortable and in winter you do n't have air conditioning so if it 's cold in the outside it 's cold inside the transport to , sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit you the illness .
Otherwise the public transport do n't pollute but the car pollute so for us travelling by car is better than travellng by public transport but for the atmosphere is better travelling by public transport than travelling by car
The walls are green and blue , on the green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos of my brother .
There is a bedside table in the middle of two beds , on this there are the alarm clock and the book that we read
There are two wardrobe , one for me and one for my brother .
There is a stereo system on the bench and scareted around the room there are a lot of puppets
Near my bedroom , there is a little room , in this room there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and one globe .
I like English very much I like learning new languages and things .
what makes me like learning new languages is how it makes me communicate with others easily , I also like traveling so much as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions however , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend it on what I like .
my dreams when I grow up that I travel alot around the world , marry a romantic funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
But , in this moment the people think different , is to start to help the world and
In the past the people bought thing , and they did n't care how is dangerous for the planet .
For example , the form to prepare the food , is gon na be dangerous because a lot food have artificial thing that is no good for us .
The technology is advancing very fast , in the best way this is good for us because we wiill do a lot of thing .
Maybe , in 2060 we will be able to go to the moon very easy , like go to Europe .
In conclusion I think that we on track for the next years .
Compared with the past the people is more conscious and is worries for the world .
As a result for that we going to have a better life , more healty and clean for the next years .
firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing stranger people a way and by using this kind of transport also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting a time in waiting a specific time to move or even waste a time in waiting a public transportation to reach all point it should get it , but in the other side when you have your own transport or a private transport is get a right to choose time of trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays we can not waste our time in taking public transport .
finally , a public transport need more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , train ) fees every year is increasing , and this problem we do not face it by private transport ,
This graph shows people from India Pakistan and West Indies entered the UK , from 1940 to 1970 .
People from India and pakistan , came the UK significantly increased around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
Also you can see how they prepare your food in front of you .
That makes anybody feels a new level of pleasure , in the same process that everybody repeat everyday , eat .
Before this day I was frustrated so it brings a happiness in my mind .
In fact I fall in love with her at first sight .
there was no other option for me i just want her . during the exam time , i was thinking whole time how to communicate with her .
When the examination is over , again I started to talk with her , asking how was your exam .
She told me not good at all , but my was good and she also added that you may got the chance and finally I got it .
After three days later our result has been published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
I expected if both of us get the chance then it will be very good .
But alas ! my dream did n't come true .
When I was returning from syleth I called the girl and talk to her and assure that I got chance in university but girl says that she knew it .
The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food of the city , I recommend you to come a Spanish wedding .
I think that 's all , I hope that it will helpful .
Hello i 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old , I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) , I am very hardworking in the highschool and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .
I very tall ( 1,71 m ) my face is normal , I have brown eyes , and black hair , my nose and mouth are normal .
I 'm really into Ps3 especially Fifa 15 , and fan of riding a bike but I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends , sometimes I like playing on my Ipad
In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games but I spend some money on my bike .
I really want to meet boys and girls from different countries of the world , I 'm really interested in practicing English and I want to learn Chinese and Russian , I 'm really interested in learning languages ,
Now , It is holidays and we need or we want to meet the places around the country .
Well I explain in this article about one museum that is considerate : " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarquia Spanish .
You should knew about the prize for coming to the museum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if you want to stay more time the prize increase in $ 10.00 .
Finally you enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other city or other country .
when am in the court other side participants are fear take off my service ball and am very at my position to cover the entire court .
coming to the infrastructure of the shuttle it is all about the cock and the bats .
the court contains 2 players or 4 players depends on the court .
each team contains 1 or 2 players .
if that cock touches that net it counts as point to other team who can receive from the cock
But in my city there is no snow ..
everything seems so fine , and nothing is wrong anyway .
he love music so much that he turn down other courses just concentrating in music .
he thinks that he did the right thing then went back home .
I think , I can agree with the opinion , that shopping is not always enjoyable .
In my opinion it is dependent on that , what we buy and with who we go to the shopping .
why do use public transport some of us use it to save money for not buying gas or they ca n't buy a car or if they had problems in their cars or they do n't have the mood to drive .
Now a days with technology we have different ways to transport like hoverboards , skateboards and maybe it makes No future for public transport
Another point is we have our own cars and it 's more comfortable , I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .
I do n't have to be late for the delays , I can do anything in my own car I can put music I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
I do n't have really an opinion I just do n't know.we will wait and find out .
In my opinion it 's have to be like brushing teeth .
My hygiene is running or more familiar word is Jogging .
So for finish competition with pleasure I needed work out plan witch is diary day by day about our jogging distance , time , mood during work out .
First of all it is absolutely minimum , you just need boots for run !
Shoes are for protect and prevent your health , you have got only one body look after them .
I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
I would like to explain about the my favourite sport cricket .
I like very much cricket because , it gives immense pleasure while playing the cricket .
Playing the cricket will also gives physical exercise to our body.we can bowl , batt , field in the cricket which requires lot of physical activities .
I can give the advice to the people who are interested in the playing cricket they must know the all rules in the cricket before playing it .
But i know that a lot of joung people play tennis , i hope that the italian tennis player in a few years will be very famous all over the world , then you do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
In 2 hours Mary 's plane was leaving and he had to go to the airport to stop her from going to Scotland .
He went to the garage , and rode on his motorbike .
If you are going to begin playing football you need footballs shoes you also need protections for the legs .
If you starting this sport you need to think it 's funny to play it .
If you do n't think it is a funny sport you would not go it .
You should not play the sport just because you 're friends doing that , do it because you like to play .
As well I graduated a Climbing course and I practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
Usually I was a voluteer but I also was a part of few European Project where I was paid for my work .
As a person I 'm friendly and I like to do my job .
Hi Alex I could n't wait until I see you
I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know I never learn how to ride a bike .
But we could also try the climbing but it would be better if we could cimbing outside , in the countryside .
However if we not too tired at the time we could go out .
I will really like if my parents could take me to your house on Friday evening but I think that we have a party that night .
Citizens want at the same time efficient and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation cost .
Hi , Isabel .
If the people travelled more often in public transport we would n't pollute so much .
I think that public transport is the future because many countries will have to allow the entrance in their towns to private cars for stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
So I do not agree with this afirmation , in mi opinion travelll by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than public transport .
Maybe he is sorry she thought , but why if she is perfect , she is everything that a man could want , so what happen .
He seems different , she never imagined that Jason can be like that , she fantasy with someone , brave and strong , and she never foresees something like this , but she feel something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again but more serious and with his normal face - Is cause , well is my first kiss ok ! , I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snake and everything that you can imagine .
Almost at the same time they kissed
-Hey , do n't run Snow
- But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) it is very late I 'm goanna die .
- Prince Jason is here
- The prince of blue city , he is very handsome , and his family has military studies , thereby he is the second more perfect guy in the world .
But there were a lot of beautiful dresses , in high - tech closets with lights .
-This dresses are made of textile fiber almost everything here is synthetic and portable for everyone - explain Snow .
- But are you sure
-Yes , just wait in a fraction of second you are ready .
As we know public transportation has not a direct way to fulfill our all destinations then it force us to stop in many stations first , moreover we should take the other one to reach our destination so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Secondly , public transportation usually very crowded and make us not feel safe since there is an opportunity for us to be theft .
Then by car we can enjoy the scenery , share laugh , change our destination by sudden and many more .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one that make the number of car growing rapidly but they do not think further about the negative side effects that a car has .
Firstly , it leading us to global warming since the concentration of pollution are higher in many countries , moreover actually it is not only leading but also make global warming faster and also can threat our health .
While in the statement is written that public transportation will be left by many people , in my opinion is the opposite that public transportation is our future .
It can be proved by now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher , beside it is not as costly as using a car , the quality of public transportation are improved so citizen have no worry using it .
Firstly , I agree about learning different concepts because you can analyse different opinions .
But you need , understand the main idea .
In other words , some professor when teaches different topics they explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
Anyway , if you read different books you can understand better .
So , if you need techniques for learning you need to analyse and create your own words , this way you will never forget this definition .
Hi my name is Leon Johnson , I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
One of the best place I ever visited is Leksand in Dalarna .
( It is my country place ) I like it because it Is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .
My favourite subjects at school is mathematics , geography , and of course English .
Decoration is not too modern , but not too classic , it has a comfortable atmosphere .
The days that we have to do sports if the weather is good we do it outside but if the weather is bad we have to do in the gym .
That day we are many people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
Apart from this problem we have another problem that it is important too .
For me the solutions to that 's problems are esey .
In the first problem you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics were in the first quarter of the year 500 and increased to 620 in the second quarter , in the third quarter sales maintained in 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 , as you can see sales were very unstables .
It 's my pleasure to be part of you here , my major is actually not relevant to social Sciences , I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .
I think it will be helpful to me taking this lesson at the beginning of the semester , I believe I can learn a lot from the professor and you guys .
In addition , my major is English so teachers will teach and explain by English , which I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first time .
I was very inconfident about myself and i ca n't make friends well so I think that it 's too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
I always try to find out reasons which take a lot of time .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking , they help me to catch up on my teacher ' s lesson .
Secondly , studying in university , I have to live far from house which make me be homesick , sad , and worried I have to live in dormitory with many strange friends , they 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes , I must take a lot of time to finish everything before I star learning .
Sometimes , I broke up nearly and I was really worried so I have to pay money suitably .
When I living alone , I have to save money because there are many situations which I have to slove without family , and you can become a good person with many good characters such as confident , independent , friendly .
Because my family always prepared everything for me when I lived with them so it 's very difficult to be independent .
Living alone you have to make friends when you 're sad .
Jogging the sport in the nature
During I go jogging I can think about all the daily thing in my life .
When I am in a bad mood I go jogging outside and hear how the birds singing .
For me jogging is very stressless .
At an other day I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging but a little bit slowler .
Suddenly Agatha sees , behind the windows , a 30 years ' man , he 's tall and wears 19th century clothes ; he is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
Irritated , John knows the Agatha 's difficulties and before to go away , he calls Agatha without Michael for telling her another important thing .
While Michael goes out in John 's eyes comes a red touch .
Then , we saw an eagle flying in the sky .
My name is Monika , and I 'm 21 years old .
The car is very easy
Long time ago , in a small village in Spain happened a story I 'm going to tell you .
He was trying to switch it on again and again but the machine did n't work .
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " you can also do so " , today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for the birthday of children , as well as Sofia please tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
hello John good days and what we need to , do this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and flavor of the cake that we want such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit
While I was ringing the bell the neighbourh 's dog stared to bark .
When Michael saw me he openened the door , however straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake
I am an Architect , I have 5 years of professional experience .
As you know , practising in the sports give us many benefits , you can take part in a club and have more friends .
Moreover , if you have a good ability you can attend in a competition to try your best . I am a member of Badminton club in the city , if you 're interested in badminton , let 's come and enjoy yourself .
Moreover , regarding the clothes , the Young people wear a dress skirp and jeans .
We were n't have speedometer , blinkers and lights , it was very dangerous situation .
For this reason we were n't using a motorway .
Traditional clothes : that kind of clothes can be expensive but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on that and you will have really fun although that clothes went out of style a lot of years ago .
my town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment , they provide us by good buses which are friends to the environment and offer the tickets for this buses in a cheap price , they also trying to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by the recycling , also the people tries all the time to find the best way for keep our village clean;they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens , also they take care of the fuel in their cars to not to be bad for the environment , so , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment beside the government .
Secondly , loneliness would be a big problem when a person who leave their own country getting away from family members and close friends .
Thirdly , students ca n't be accustomed to western eating habits like burgers , pizza and bread .According to the unfamiliar environment students may lack the sense of security .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which held by the students from the same nationality so that they may not feel lonely .At the same time they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australia culture in order to suit quickly .
For instance we could swimming on the beach , we could .
In addition we could play outdoor games and they may do paints about the landscape .
About working in the kitchen It is n't a problem for me because I love cooking .
I enjoy cooking so I always make different kinds of food .
whether you had more questions about me I 'd be glad to answer .
I 'm a hard - working person so that 's why I never have time to relax .
As children love playing I think that I am a suitable person to do this because I am like a little girl .
Also , I have good sociable skills and can speak two languages , English and Spanish .
In my country we follow cricket as a religion .
This game is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket and Twenty - Twenty .
But as this takes 5 days many people do n't have time to watch this game and its loosing its popularity in young generation .
My favourite sport is football .I think , this game is the most enjoyable .
Also .
We have many stamina food , I think dogs meat is good stamina food than another meats .
So , tell me as soon as possible . in your country 's specially eating customs and manners also stamina food as well .
I like it very much , it is very useful for me .
I tried it last weekend and I will use it all days ! if I used that every day I would improve in a short time !
To my mind our lives has been improved in these years by smarphone , satnav , digital TV , Internet ..
First of all in the next 50 years the people 's life do n't resamble at all this .
As far as I 'm concerned we would be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft , in addition the globalization will lose cultural traditions of each country .
On the one hand I 'm for development on the other hand I would that the innovations will not destroy the old .
Often the evolution is return of origins however I hope that the man in the next years will be to do n't forget the past .
Apart from that I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that took me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robot instead of the weiters in a restaurant .
To conclude I ca n't think which wonderful thing the man will do in spite I hope make the word even better !
and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful but I 'm also professional so I know how to take care of the children .
I am an experienced cooker so I can also cook for the children , I am also a good singer so we can sing songs together with the children .
The environment is becoming a more and more burning issue , especially from many years to nowadays .
However , we can already fight this - waiting the developing of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . - for example taking advantage of public transports .
When you have skill to read a book and in that moment you are searching for good job you can find a lot jobs because you can develop easy when you compare with another person that they have been searched job to
Everything is delicious and very tasting , especially pizzas : they dress them in many different ways : I try a different meal every time I go there .
she finally felt that she is wanted that she could do anything she wants , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
The thoughts which people put in her mind was absolutely wrong she ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , reached her to the point that made her hate herself .
The words they said to her was a killing ones , they colored her life in black , till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do like them all as she just hated the way .
that 's it , not for being non clever .
That was me , I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't the big deal to me , I hated is being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that , I knew that I 'm clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks but they 're all did n't get that , they judged me for my marks but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks is n't the only way that makes you great now and then in the future .
whatever , In high school the senior year here in our country identify your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working by its knowledge , so I get that i should do all my best this year so my future could be better . and it happened I showed them all that I can do whatever I want even if the things I was n't like as they see me , and that all my previous marks was n't my best . I got high score and entered The faculty of Engineering which was the top college .
People thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite , just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but you , as you have the control of your life not anyone else .
Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up and continue in the successful life , Fight .
I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty four years .
I read this news , now .
Except us , There are also a large number of wildlife .
However , we forget the one importent thing , The earth is belong to all life .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY BROTHERS , HE WAS BORN IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TELL ME " HE IS GOOD BOY " WHEN HE WAS A CHILDREN .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM , BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SHULARSSHIP A STUDY MEDICINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED FOR 7 YEARS .
NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL , HE HAS A BEUTIFUL FAMILY .
For example : Lots of Bicycles .
I really would enjoy doing this job in the summer because I love to look after children , learn things to them and sport with them .
Since I was 13 I 've been teaching children from 8 - 9 years old how to play hockey and I am still doing and enjoying this .
He always to fix the problem , but his father says to him .
If you have a great time with your family and co - worker , it is not necessary to travel time .
Just enjoy your day by day , and thanksful an ordinary day .
I watched this movie several times , after I arrived in the UK .
I 'm sure , you would be like this movie .
Students have to study two parts which are engineering part and military part .
Today in the streets have a lot of cars , bus , motorcycle , other kind of transportation .
I know a good restaurant .its name " moon light " it is locatedin Abbas elakad st .
It is large , clean and comforktable and has air conditioning and internet wifi
it introduces many kinds of delicious foods like meat , cheeken , sea foods and if you want anything different you will find it there .it is suitable for my class because it is difference from any other restaurant
As well is important because during de Civil War , the General Franco was living there for a week .
If you want you can visit it .
Nowadays the Palace has a very good restaurant with a comfortable patio where you can taste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .
Every morning special track to clean the roads and walk way .
Its screen has colours and HD
The car is a transport more comfortable than the public transport but is not sustainable , its cost is higuer and if all people move by car , The cities will be very pollutes .
Other transport that can be very used in the future is the bike , this transport is cheap and ecological , also , more and more the cities are building a lot bike lane so is a good alternative .
For the finish , I think that the transport most use in the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike and for travelling enter cities the car will remain the most used .
Dear James !
It is not only convenient but also time saving .
I am really very interested in the job of your summer camp , I have worked during seven months in Spain in a similar job .
I can speak severeal languages like spanish , English and Rusian .
Nowadays I play football twice a week , Monday and Friday , because for me it is remained one hobby .
I like to play football cause for me , as well as one hobby , is one way to stand out of the world , of the problem that every day I have to face , and at the end it makes me calm and happy .
The most historical place is the Pyramids , they were built since more than 7000 years ago .
Also having some pictures will be a great idea .
The pyramids are famous because of the way they are built , it was a great job by the Egyptians .
First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen parents , for example they are doing homework , going to sleep in regular hours and back home after school .
This is a time , when parents could create behaviour of their children , because when they grow up , they are beginning rebel and do things which are good in their opinion .
It is a time when children must choose , which people are good or bad , which way they will go to difficult situation for example they will be drink alcohol or they will have fun without any suplements .
This week was a little bit difficult because it was the beginning of classes , I got up early to be on time for my classes and to start with all the enthusiasm in the new semester .
Thus the classes have just begun with new teachers and others who have already taught me .
So every day I kept awake .
My dad told me do your best and if this semester going well for me , my dad will give me a tablet because I really need it .
However on Saturday I went to English classes in the evenings .
The scientists try to make people 's life easier but that 's harmful for people 's health because that make people do n't move and more fat .
The tourists will travel to another plants , The people will live at moon and under seas or oceans .
Working as an ITC si very exciting because you need to program all , is like a challlenge , although you can do varied things . You can be in duty in your house and deal with your boss in the cellphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .
i do n't know my name .i do n't know my age all i know about that i want to be a great woman , i want the world to hear my voice , to prove that i can do it i can do any thing i am not weak i have woman power
Michael went into the teacher office , but he found that his teacher is n't here , maybe teacher went to the bathroom , suddenly , the door is opened by teacher , a teacher who wore bikini came into sight , this incident came as quite a surprise to Michael , she flirted with Michael , Michael felt excited but run out of the office , but he had regret for his action , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Once upon a time , a young boy called Michael , was walking opposite of a beautiful lake .
When , he saw into the water , he found a little ill frog .
It was a sunny and hot day , Peter decided to go to the waterfront promenade and have a walk .
He shouted out loud for help but no one was around him .
The one I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player that in my opinion is the best of all time .
He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teams like Barcelona or AC Milan .
The skills he make are wonderful , he know everything about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with the back !
This book made me interesting and I begging reading more and more while I read the more I love it this time everything did not matter to me I want to finish the book as soon as possible I do not know the end but I want the end of the book was amazing but the same time I do not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
In the end a lady interrupted me and I was angry about the situation .
that was the reason I do not finish the book
Nowadays our world is fighting everyday against diferrent problems , one day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmosphere conditions or many others .
In my opinion everyone 's life will have a great improvement , from the economic point of view but also from the social and cultural one .
To sum up , I think that we have to expect a great future in which men will regain possession of his whole capability and thanks to it he will change everyone 's lives in best .
Ivan is from Machachi , he is not studying anything but I am sure that he is a great person .
Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park , It is a wonderful beach , the sand is too white .
I understand what you mean because cars are so convenient as you said .
Car companies try to spread electric cars but it seemed to take a long time .
Unfortunatelly , in a horribble night the couple"s house was invided by a satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
Idon't know the end of the story but i don;t think that is a happy one ...
Nowadays we can see that each time more public transport need to improve the quality of your services , the people daily need this kind of transport go to work , go to school and in general depend so much of the public transport .
The government can to improve the public transport making a great investmenting like changing the old vehicles for new and increase the number the bus , trains and build more bus station and trains station this kind the action will help a lot the quality of the public transport for population and will become the life of the people more easy .
Today many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality services , the bus , the trains are full and many times are until dirty and late .
However if this situation not change and if our government not take providence about this important subject will be the end of the transport public and will more convenient to use car .
the first problem is that we do n't have enough aparatous for all of the students
the second problem is about that same aparatous are not working well because the school did n't the manteinace long time ago
For the first problem in my opinion , the school have to buy some others aparatus because there are not enough for all of the students
For the second problem the solution for me is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the machines of the school
I hope my proposal wiil be useful for you
I look forward to hearing from you soon
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which issued by the WATC " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have the cooperation with the Environment and Development the magazine which issued by Center for development work " Maan " , annd other web sites and news and media organizations .
the world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused the global warning which been the most important global problem it does n't mind to more than three quarters of the world population .
Currently we have got more than six different types of banks in our streets but as far as I know it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because nowadays we do produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we do only learn this education in our home in our childhood , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagers in the world about it so I really do help the environments as far as I can .
Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it
In spite of throwing dirt in a bin we also making some harm to environment unknowingly .
I think that public transport has a future , indeed travel in car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
But there 's a thing , no one have enough money to buy a car or maybe two ; that 's why there 's a lot of people who prefer the public transport .
I think that there is n't for public transport because nowadays the people usually use your private car .
This is some adventeges such us it is more comfortable and fast .
when you travel by bus you must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .
Sometimes private transports is cheaper if you go is other people .
for example when you go by car you can go with other people so you pay less money for gasoil .
On the other hand , private transport are damaging for planet because we must take care of the planet . we can help to prevent the contamination of the enviroment , if we take travel public transport which do n't pollute .
in conclusion using public transport produce less damage to the environment and most people prefer .
I want to describe a famous actor from my country , he is Sergey Bezrukov .
Some of them I saw , when was a young girl .
He has very important skills for the actor , these are charisma and charm .
I think he deserved to be famous , because he is a very talented person .
It just not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses cars etc .
The insurance for non accidental death is known as general insurance and for life is known as life insurance .
Government should play key role by providing trustworthy organization surveyors loss assessors etc .
Second , soccer is very interesting game because when I play soccer I feel very happy .
Moreover , soccer help human body to be very healthy because when someone play soccer his organisms become strong .
I would like to say for anyone wants playing soccer to be very careful when he plays it because it may cause a lot of injures , but in the same time it is very nice game .
Recently I read four great books about Shoah , they were very interesting , my favourite was : " The Book Thief",I read it for school , but I have already saw the film of this book .
It 's a very mooving book , but it is n't difficult , I think that 's for teenagers , but is also good for adults .
I love the thing , that in this book , there are a lot of German words , so I also could improve my German ( I go to the languages high school ) .
Nowadays he treats me as botheration .
Actually I do n't have enough courage to say no to my father .
Those are the most risky roads of the country . if there is an alternate way I always use that .
If I were in a better position it could not happen to me .
Hence I 'm waiting for good time .
That the I spent most of my time with Noman with his over talking habit .
When he talks he has done many mistakes because of his over talking habit .
I fall asleep as soon as we crossed jhitka bazar in addition when I wake up we had crossed Tora bridge .
When we talked to our seniors I think I should control myself though they talked unreal things .
At the same time they also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in our time .
By car you can go whenever you want on time with no need to wait for hours at the stations for bus or subway .
You can have some other choices that you can stop to buy something : water , juice or snack if you get hungry your way or thirsty .
You would n't suffer anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bus most of the time like : no room for you to sit , bad smell people can make , or get bothering or bushing .
But , on the other hand , because of recently traffic has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear air produced has become the public transport better to save earth .
In all over the world people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .
We spent a lot of time together every day ; we visited some fantastic cities in Greece like Santorini , Athens and many others .
In Italy we also visited Bari and Venice too .
Seeing the film we have had the possibility to watch the characteristics of the main characters of Boccaccio and the different places where the stories took place .
In my opinion the film was made in a very good way : the registers of the film ( they are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : the love in every situation .
There are some issues that make worried , the environment is getting worse , we have to come up with the methods to solve this and save our Earth .
Televison not only provide entertainment it will give lots of information about the happenings around the globe .
Few programmes some intellectual programs will increase the creativity of the people
When Michael wake up that morning he feels , a strange smell in the air , he do not know what is the origin of that strange smell but , in his noose , he receive a kind of sign something bad happened .
With a great effort sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My view is that public transport is good because it has prevent pollution which is good for the public .
if planned to travel by public transport people will walk to bus station and get down from the bus and walk for necessary thing .
So my opinion is good for both parties
I this week , I went to the country Is was very funny because we went to the cinema and we eat in a lot of different restaurants .
Bye I have to go .
I wrote to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the World ,
basketball is a complete sport , aerobic and anaerobic .
it 's a team sport , the team it 's made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .
Some people say that basket it 's only for tall guys
but it is n't true , in the A league in Italy we have different players not very tall
like 1 meter and 60 , so if you love this game you can play it no matter what
If you want to start this sport , find a friend that can teach you the basic movements and how to pass and shot
if you train and you have willpower nothing can stop you .
Nowadays basketball is spreading around the World .
But no , what I can do it ? I still love him , even my love become bigger .
Last week from September 11 to September 21 , we had a minivaction .
On Sunday , my family and I went to Causeway Amador then to Albrook Mall .
From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired of the exam so I was all day laying on the sofa doing nothing apart of watching the TV and chat with my friends .
Besides I needed to take care of my little sister Ellie , who is very cute and funny and right now she is always trying to get up and stand and walk .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV and suddenly my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to solve my Paris puzzles with my sister , which was less than a half solved for about one year but it had too much color in the sky so I did n't finished then a year ago .
While solving the puzzle , I decided to count how much pieces was left , after counting them I realized that five pieces were missing .
I was too angre because I was finishing the puzzles and five pieces were missing so I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find it .
On Saturday , I finished my puzzle but with five pieces missing but I was happy too .
Also my uncle , aunt , grandfather and cousins went with us .
I was hoping that my father can teach me to drive the car but was not possibly because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me drive .
Mini vacation can be fun but sometimes boring because you haven't planned anything for the vacation .
I chose always my clothes because only me know my favourite clothes and when I was child my toys .
Now I wear different colours for example black , blue , grey and other .
Maybe they will change
Vesuvium - this is the vulcano 's name ! - covered it with a lot of cinder so that walls , houses , food , clothes , corps of citizens has been preserved as well they were .
In my opinion anyone could n't come to Italy without visiting Pompei .
People who lives there almost know the convenient public transport called MRT , it 's fast , cheaper and does n't have to find the parking lot .
After that Steve become an America captain to protect the world again .
I woke up 5H00 o'clock in the morning ,
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lounges perceive and respire all the smell that flowers , land , the First , I walk slowly and then I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end walking 5 turns in the park .
I feel that he is near to me that he listens to me every word that I pray .
The graph below gives information about seasonal sales for ice - cream of different places in ice cream van and indoor swimming pool in Jan to Dec .
But I think that the future is the public transport , we need preserve nature , this is an imperative for our world , then the solution have to take the point that the governments do more invest in public transport , so the people do n't need to get a car for being able to have a job and do n't need it for normal development of their lives .
As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .
In the March we set forward our watch an hour ago .
As soon as I pass all exams I will travel .
However I am stopped last tragic developments in foreign countries .
I think , it 's better and safer to go to Black sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
It 's possible , I will join them , because I have never been in Sochi and everyone should visit this wonder city one time of their life .
They 're more for self - defense but for what I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .
I would suppose I would have to say , in Japan Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
I have to start saying that I never imagine swimming like my favorite sport , because until my back 's injury , I practiced other sports , I most like extreme sports like downhill , skateboarding martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but for my injury I have to start swimming and now I love it .
If you want to start swimming I think you should looking for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you must need it , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not on practice and know your swim style is not the best I recommend you a professional assistance .
More time that you do n't have that assistance is going to be more difficult improve your style and enjoy swimming more because if you really know how to swim are going to have more resistance in the water .
I think , that may the reason she had the Sleep Paralysis last night .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' which means being pressed by ' Ka - wee ' ghost .
Even she was not able to lift single finger tip as if she was turned into a stone statue .
Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her as standing just beside bed .
Even worse , two of them started whispering on her ears , die … die ..
Commonly , the dreamers say that they ;
- feel drowning down when they are about falling in sleep(so they know it will happen )
I have many difficulties in programming but I think that if I work hard I can to win my difficulties .
On last days I and my group made some experiences for our project .
I think that you can to come to my country when you want because I will help you .
Also , Madrid is a nice city , you can to find all things that you need .
In Madrid there are some jobs too and you will be near me .
If you do n't like spanish 's food you can go restaurant the other country , but i know you love it .
On the other hand , people is friendly as you know , because you know some spanish person .
you must come because I think that my country would you love it and i always help you .
By the time he was going down the stairs from the fourth floor his neighbour Mary stopped him .
The widow woman who was very nice gave a present for Peter .
Mary smiled to Peter and said:"You are welcome , now , you have to enjoy your family .
It not only offers high salary but also the employee there is kind .
At there , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world which will make you freshen up .
Last week her mother told her that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .
He already knew that he was late but he could not go now , so he decided to cheat her mother .
But he did not realise something , His little brother was watching him througt the window .
After that Peter did not hang out for three months , so he can learn the lesson , You must not lie or cheat to your mother .
I think that the public transport always going to be so important in our life because not all the people have the possibility to buy a car because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for that reason the public transport in the future could be exist , because public transport is a necesity in all the world not only for the money but too for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport
¿ What did you learn about debates ?
He uses a rule for debates : preposition+ result = positive or negative ( Why )
The great debaters , have to believe in your idea .
Debates is a combat
After an hour the dog is vaccined and taken at home , but her mother needs a milk bottle .
Unfortunately Anne , her sister , has just taken the bike , so he 's forced to walk until the nearest supermarket .
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter has a bit of luck , infact his father Jack has just came back from the work , so he could get to take the milk and giving him a passage .
second .
Why " du ? " . yeah ..
My favourite sport is football , it is a complete sport , there are aggression , mentality and fun .
my favourite football club is Napoli , it is the heart club , for this team I feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .
you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
that work looks depressing , demanding and stressful but is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you never will bored
Here are some tips about the Egyptian people
they are so kind , friendly , stressed but have a lot of problems now days the level of poverty , standard of level , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
So if you want to work in Egypt you must have a complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , Allowances , work environment , position titles , company type , policy , mission , vision )
There are many countries which should be complete the military service when people who reach 18 such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
Also , there are different sections of training during the military service people generally do a lot of training to their obedience or how to use the weapons .
Thus , there is a cause of agreement and another cause of disagreement which is freedom of choice and mental maturity .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience especially to the young people ; they will be likely to become a more independent person .
However ; the effects may different which is base on how length of the duration .
I really like antiques even though it is not much to look at .
In my country you can do a lot of efforts to take care of the environment , but the bad culture in our people is a great problem .
Nowadays we grow up with the possibility of choosing a lot of sports .
My main reason for love it is how you feel when play a match and finally your team win .
Adolescent has always been the hardest part throughout anybody 's whole life ..
turning out in a fleeting glimpse into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances ..
at this point you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing if you could turn the clock back,,but it 's all no good ..
then you find yourself standing ahead clouds of reality , which sucks ..
life is stages , this stage of your life is timeless , no way out ..
at some point you wish if it was all illusio , you need a time machine makes it possible to go back in time when you could see the purity of life ..
However .. here you are completely different made of life lessons , preferring to make a stiff upper lip .. cowering in your own reality .
These days television allows us to see happenings all around the world .
Now that would be an interesting question , we can watch anything from news to cat fish the TV show , in the name of entertainment are actually learning .
Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn , other may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning . i.e we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert air on TV .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross other wise for example , I have be able to learn that new BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .
so have you ever asked yourself Television entertains , but can it also educate .
Blues , Rock n Roll , folk music were the basis for the new music .
The circuit is characterised by long straights and chicanes which makes it possible to achieve high - speeds .
In my opinion riding at high - speed on the long straight can be cause overheating the cars engines and the can blow up .
Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered to those , which have an apex maturity of science .
Addiction to authoritative nature over other makes a huge production of war weapons convert the blessing nature of science into critics .
There is no definition of happiness in scientism or how could it get through the scientific user manual .
Very often , it has criticized to change indigenous cultures into so - called luxurious development , contradictory to religious faith .
Science is concerned only with the information about the world whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusion without considering the morality .
My country is pretty clean compared to the cities and countries that I know although there are a few pieces of paper or plastic on the streets , but residents have a great respect for nature .
Three times a week garbage trucks pass to empty them , and once a week a garbage collector passes to clean up the streets .
Travelling by using any transport has become in one of our needs , in the past people used to take hours waiting for the public transport , now , we can afford any of those modern car at the agency .
The future of the public transport is fading away , you might ask why .
the main problem is the bad service , for example , the drivers are not careful enough to drive , that might be unsafe for the users .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children do physical activity that is the first step to do exercise , then to compete sports will make competitior to make an extra effort .
In the future , adults that was able to obtain more achievements and make it more responsible , and you can have a good social life , if you competes doing sports .
Although our town is quite small , there are many variations of shops such as clothes shop , sport shops , toy shops or book shops .
Even though the shops is not large , there are remarkable goods , for example , nice running shoes or valuable books .
All in all , the shops have a variety of goods , which can attract many tourists .
Today this holiday is celebrated around the word and you can have fun with party or costume yourself .
Last is the key step , inspection .
Hi my name is Chai , i 'm from Thailand , I try to write an article to improve my writing skill and hope this program can help me .
My favorite way to travel is the Plane because I like to be fast and in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion the plane is the best for me for example when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quick , you do n't need to take time and The plane is the best travelling in the world that the best safer than other way , you can see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happen by the plane so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to travel is safe and sound and safe journey .
First of all Television has less viewers now days .
Also there was a lot of different channel that we chose .
As I remember there were educational channel like Discovery and National Geography .
For some people may think that only these kind of channel can provide educational knowledge and for some people they do n't consider watching these channel as entertainment .
All kinds of shows can give you all kinds of different knowledge even when you watch movies .
But of course there will be some channel that is not suitable for child under 18 or just for adult .
Yes of course but only when you look at it as a way you wanna learn something .
My studies in tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score all worldwide , but also has to many good things , for example we have a lot of interchanges all around the world , when you have the opportunity to do an interchange you have to deal with the language and the culture with the other country , that means you have to be responsible for studying the basics things of that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
When I was fourteen years old , I win the championchip because in that period I swam as agonistic atlet .
Nowadays I 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thanks them .
Also we have recycle bins for paper and glass .
We do everything to make our town more green , our citizens always have new ideas that make the difference of our daily life .
On the one hand I ca n't imagine that a little scine on the food people entrap to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
One night Paxton was speaking them about the crown that had spoken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and said to him to about the family Agers who protected the crown .
An day in the morning Paxton waited to Long y the writer , but he listened that called him suddenly he goes for the beach and is killed for the shadow
As we 've seen these days that the amount of cars is increasing so much every year .
We should use the less car , it is very pollutant .
I will start with old transport , if we did n't make any maintenance this type will be damaged and lose it .
But in some country , You can use underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types like Bus or Taxi , The underground is faster and clean and arranged .
About pollution , it is a big issue in public transport , with time if you try to fix the machine of public transport that will be coste , because with time the live age of this machine will finish .
He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job , he was looking all the advertisements but he never found the one he nedded .
He could not be at home all day doing such nothing so he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .
When he was a kid he wanted to work in a videogames shop so for his good luck it was available a job at Play Station store .
Of course he does not think twice and go for print his curriculum because the interview was that day , then he took a shower and dress for the occasion .
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just took his mobile , keys and money but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting of his curriculum .
He is tall and smart he looks like a movie star .
Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me , I do n't know how she managed but she hurts me .
My cousins are very reliable like my grandmother and my parents .
My city is Jaén it 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important cross ways between the south and center os Spain .
In the reconquest age the stronghold never downfall with a direct assault , finally the Castellan 's army after a large siege force to the government surrender it .
Then in the 18th century the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of independence Spanish war .
Finally , It is the safest way for travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling any other kinds of danger in the sea .
One of the most important experience I think was coming to study to Tijuana .
Before I came here I was so dependent of my parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .
When I had 4 years I went to live to Ensenada because my father worked there .
Since I was born to my 18 years old I was living whit them , but now I live in a small apartment .
I am studying Nutrition at the University , that is why I am living in Tijuana .
I used to live in assistent house it was my first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I changed to an aparment with two friends .
All weekends I used going to Ensenada for visiting my family , my boyfriend and my fiends .
I do not regret what I did because I do what I like .
All people of the world have friends , I 'm not an exception .
When I was 10 years old I met my best friend .
When we were 12 we played in the garden with the balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years everything changes we do n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
For this reason I think that friendship is so important thing in the life .
I think the opposite , I believe that public transportation has a really huge future .
It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
In our opinion globalization is a good thing that happen to us , allow us to interact with all the world , so we can meet the cultures , monuments , etc .
It bring us a lot of opportunities to change and in some cases to get a better life in other countries like find a job with the highest salary .
In the morning I walk around the cinema and the most important place of my country and I talk about the films that the people can watch .
I cry a lot for this film but it 's very important for me because I love disney 's film .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called go green Vancouver that it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at the same time there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provided a 3 containers for each house one for papers one for bottles y the last one for rubbish materials .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element to speak English , if you know grammar you only know certain rules to write , but I think that speaking is most important than writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but here is another topic , whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that unlike the past , it is not necessary to buy envelops and stamps to send the letter .
In some cases you could have an accidents , but that 's not probably .
In my opinion , every family must have a good communication . Because I think , communication is one of the most important things in our life .
If we want to have a good life , we must make good communication in our families
Nowadays the obtion of broaden the ming traveling is very commun .
In my opinion I think that it is not the only way but it is the best way .
Apart from that you see new places and you have fun , you also lern others cultures , historicals facts , you also lern to respect others peoples and thirs costums .
In addition you do n't think in yours problems and the only thnig that you do is have fun and do what you whant to do .
Besides you see new world and thirs form of lives and that helps to open you mind , see the world in other way .
In conclussion I think that it is the best way to opemn your mindn not the only way but yes the best way .
many countries are truly started to concern no environment and worried about the globe warming , In schools teachers are doing their best to educate children how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy , also they train them how to plant trees in public gardens of their towns ,
Although government strict so many laws and taxes in the people how do not pay their taxes to the council for cleaning of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world people started to use bicycles and cycling instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city , also they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
Apparently it is going to make more pollution more global warming issue .
How ever , using cars makes the life easier but when everyone or every house they will own at least three cars it is too much .
Although the traffic jams the accidents etc .. .
In my opinion every country they should have different kind of public transport
For instance San Francisco it is a great example for incredible city , the variety of choices in the public transport it is remarkable .
In spite of the cost of these facilities it is going be expensive but it is necessary .
In conclusion , The governments should work on that because the people need the public transport and the world for the environment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a car .
I hope to see it around the world , public trans port something we can not avoid or replace with another thing .
first of all , nowadays wherever we go we can find Italian restaurant easily .
On the other hand it could be complicated . but nobody complaint .
if you are person who love fashion you will enjoy going there .
so if you want to visit any country i 'm going to recoomend to Italy .
But this is not the end of our trip , we went on a voyage in a Royal Caribean cruise , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .
During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas and CoCo kay , which is a private island of the cruise , we went to the beach and played so many games .
My grandpa lives in Spain with my step grandma but she is like my grandma .
Why are so many cool man in this world .
Kevin heart is in a difficult situation because his nothing at all what this man expect him to be but he plays the role anyway .
The movie is already a success opening the box office with $ 36 million endorsement .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited to see the movie and even if you 're not the movie is a must see .
I am used to children , I have two sisters with 9 and 11 Years old and I take care of them all the time .
I am not used to cook to this number of people but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be in a great help for you this summer .
I think in future is n't necessary to use the public transport and why ?
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
In my opinion the price of the ticket on bus is expensive .
If we have a car I believe we do n't spend much money .
It 's just my opinion because this is my life so I now what I am talking about .
I 'm from Italy , I live in Varese a beautiful town not far from Milan in Lombardia .
He is proud , it 's not a good way .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza which could not attract customers walk into , and have to renovate .
but when comparing my family with my father 's family .
I do n't feel that . because he has five sisters and three brother .
when my sisters are married they have one or tow children at most .I think the Egyption family became simller with the passage of time
Firstly , cocaine damage your senses and your mind , if you consume cocaine , you wo n't sleep this day .
Finally , the consecuense of cocaine are the dead , if you sniff all the time cocaine or a lot , you die early .
But if you want I see some work in special , feel free to show me via note or mention ^^
the main one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their day to day life so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time for waiting on the way for the regular transport . also public transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmful for human being .
for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .
Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because if not we would have legal problems .
Also if it is the case I would like to arrange meeting to give you all the documents you need .
For next time we invite you to our woodhouse .
However , compared to the line of indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of ice cream van is considerably large .
Overall , the achievement of ice cream van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .
One day many years ago in something place that a do n't remember the name I woke up one morning more earlier than usual then I went to the kitchen and shout the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagine is that they come to the town , quickly I went out to find they ...
But there was no one , absolutely no one , I 'm scary , I yell and scream , look and look but I had no result
Suddenly I felt a warm hand that touched my shoulder and very slowly turn but the only thing I saw was a shadow that was holding a knife
I woke up and realised it had all been a bad dream
Recently when I was in youtube I saw a movie trailer , the film appeared so good and days later my friends told me if I wanted to go them to the cinema , so I decided to go and luckily they had decided to see the film that days before I had seen .
The film is a romantic movie , It is talking about one man , Noa , who lives in a small shore town when he felt in love with a rich girl , but like always the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not enough good for their daughter .
And at the end of the summer the girl went out but next year she comes again , but this time she has boyfriend and this break Noa 's heart .
The first of all I should say that I like a lot of kinds of sports .
Nowadays trains and buses are usually packed and the ticket fares are very expensive .
Sincerely yours .
I enjoy this game because the most important thing is team work , you have to understand each other .
He is really tall hi have 202 centimeters .
I ca n't give you to many advice but one thing I know , a team work the most important thing in this game .
If you want to work here , you must know languages , for example : English , French or German .
I wish as lot of luck you , here .
Television is an essential part in our life , we turn it on nearly everyday , since it can make life more interseting .
For another , there are many different types of programs , which can broaden our eyes , they give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk show and so on .
To sum up , television entertains , it ca also educate .
It has all kinds of food even the really fancy ones .
You can enjoy having your breakfast there with your family because they have too many types of food .
This restaurant also has games for children which they can spend their time playing it .
It 's a very nice restaurant which I prefer the most
In present times the houses is very different , but in the future houses will be
The last film I saw was " The Enormous Island " so I am going to review it for the students film club .
The story tell us the story of Monica(Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine living in " Cretacro " an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean , the problem starts when Monica fell in love with Martin .
Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax but he change when he met Monica in the principal restaurant
Often I like to read biography books , history books and novels , but I really like Jane Austen books .
I have all her colections books at home and I enjoyed a lot to have a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals , with Peter and all of them .
I have at home lots of books here and in my country but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look on charithy and bootsale because I can find lots of nice books and a very good price for them .
When I need a book for my English classes I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
Few mounts ago I read Miserable by Victor Hugo , I read this book when I was in high school but I haven't think on the subject .
But now I really enjoyed , and me best friend both for me ticket for a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing , for cuople of hours I did n't move , was a brilliant present .
This Saturday I start a new book by Francine River , the book could The Warior I haven't finish the first chapter but I find the book very good .
Nowadays there are many ways to public transportation such as underground , buses , and etc . but is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .
Currently traveling by car is useful than public that transport , you can move around the city and reduce enough time sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of transportation will be cheaper .
Moreover , we have still a lot of things which we can and must improve like travelling security , comfort and economic sources .
Maybe , we could find with flying cars or electric bikes .
According to Wordsworth a poet is not a common man , he has a greater sensibility and knowledge .
As you see there are a lot of opportunities for the tourists to spend their own money in my city .
Hello I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoy nature , travel around the wold , and have a lot of friends .
I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , and share stories because I like to talk to people , and I like kids .
My town do much efforts to care of environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep environment clean .
At first the police detective thought one of the special band was stolen the painting .
3 months ago , he wants 1 million dollars for the painting but the Norway government said no .
I could provide an extraordinary service with a smile even I was under unexpected situation .
wasting time is a huge issue in our life . a lot of knowledges related to time such as : history , education and healthy .
We discuss special topic about how we come faster than a time.this famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword if you did not cut it , it will cut you " .
Actually , in my life I consider it as a king of my system who controls whole of my day .
However we should be balance from the both types .
she wasted it she can not get it back .
I did not care to time I usually said this is my life and my time .
When I ask him to get me someplace . I can not count how many times I stay at home because I am late .
Also I always work with children and I have a teacher certificate . I'm a friendlier person and I have a good curriculum .
I think that this job is for the children enjoy so I 'm the correct person because I like playing with them .
There are mainly 4 stepts , design , preparation , printing and inspecting .
Then in the preparation process , skilled machinists prepare of metal plates for printing .
At last inspectors of the bank manually check all printing sheets , and devid them into three levels."bad sheets " were sent for disposal , where things are sercurely destroyed."Good quality sheets " will go with packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
However sheets that are " partally damages " will be inspect again and separated into good and bad sheets , and sent for further actions .
my favourite sport is football , I like it so much it means for me a lot , It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
I think that on balance it is more important to try to get satisfaction .
We work eight hours a day so if we submerge in a bloody pond in a long time could definitely turn ourselves frustrated .
they have also a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents to accompany their grandchildren 's red deck painted with some dolls that say .
when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .
you should calm down and be away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you great man , and then you will find your passion
In the future everything can change .
Probably houses will be smaller or bigger .
However , urban flood keeps raging even when the amount of green infrastructure full fills the storm water control needs in some areas .
most of girl does nt like this , i think that it takes us energy , we need to do exercise , reasonable diet ... and so on .
Our Mistakes mistake made us better than before if in life we had't got any mistake we would n't succeed that 's why the mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistake improve us so
As I lived more than 12 years on the countryside I was dependent on busses and trains .
In the morning , I needed to get to school and in the evenings public transport helped me to get home .
For instance , when I was three years old I used to be captivated for all the toys which were presented on tv commercials just because the way they were exposed .
One of them was " the ultimate max steel " which was about a hundred dollars .
One example is what happened with / to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child called Sophia .
One day sophia got really excited with an advertisement about barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
I think , it 's a great job for me .
Also I can work long hours .
So I think , it 's no problem for me , to stay and run the whole day .
There I saw , how a venture like this work and you must not to show me the whole work again .
By the way I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and come every time punctual .
I am used to deal with people and their orders to eat and also , I am getting used to working long hours as I study while I am trying to get a job .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because it is not any dirty streets in it
the people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy method , the citizens collecting the rubbish and threw it in big boxes far away the city .
If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend you " Nemo " , it 's the most beautiful Disney 's movie .
The story is about a couple of clownfish who are attacked by a shark , only the dad and one baby egg survived .
Nemo 's father knowns a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him , they cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist house .
When I was young I tried Badminton , Squash and Teakwondo .
I do n't do sport now ,
However sometimes we need to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .
As you know I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I have to decide which of those activity are more important then I would prefer sport .
For example if You are active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .
In conclusion I think you should give up your music classes .
Nowadays cars are more affordable than ever .
Having in mind that the society is also changing , people will tend to choose their place of work , which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .
When study hard at the high school you will be
People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food instead they are very much interested in earning money .
With no physical exercise & Healthy food people are damaging their health and family relations .
Now a days nobody has enough time to spend with family , Rather they prefer to make more money by working extra hours
If people live the same way as now , in future people will be considered as working robots instead of human beings .
For some reasons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketball can train my muscle and make the body more healthier ; the second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game through the basketball game because the basketball game is a teamwork .
i , m a very happy person and very interested about cooking and all things about the kitchen its cool my dreamjob is a cook
We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to office , city , home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to save money and time .
I'm watching they playing , they 're really very good , but when play over school , they 're very bad
But today , Things are getting change and technology marked a significant role in our life , Automobile segment increased its vertical and having a car becomes a need from luxory .
I believe , as soon as Automobile sector develop new technology in cars people will more keen to use their own vehicle instead or public transport .
As far as I know how to better understanding between parent and child .
According to the present situation it is a pity that their relative influence happiness family .
On the one hand , we may take a communication forum , it can share everyone 's cerebration .
football is a simple sport , where the player must kick the ball in the opponent goal . in this sport , you improve principally the leg muscles but all your body move .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) computers does n't have to replace the humans . because they do n't have brain and ca n't feel anything .
In 2005 was a low but it grew than again .
1998 you are able to see that it decreased slightly .
" The Exorcist " , is one of the most exciting and astonishing thriller that I have seen in my life .
On thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal ; I mean that you can watch in any decade of your life , and ever seems a nowadays film .
First and foremost , it can make contaminations to the environment , which can affect our health
On Easter time the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition on the contrary , the pagan spring festival does n't focous on consecration but rather on celebration
My town takes care of the environment because the people of my town try to plant how many trees and plants they can .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or somewhere is too smoke , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels.on the morning a lot of people go on footto the work or to the school or ride a bike or they take the bus .
The people try to move the local factories out of country where is less air polluted , less smoke , less cars and more forests and plants .
travelling by is convenient but for mass poeple public transport is very important and much need .
no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also but public transprt is fair is much affordable to all clasess of poeple
Coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier for which the output is black rebelling bear holding in the left leg on the left shoulder golden ax , undertwo silver starlet
I like to drive moped because I love speed , and its fun to go out and drive with your friends to a sea or maybe a BBQ party .
I drive a Zündapp KS50 , it is an old moped from 1975 .
my name is Mustafa I am 23 years old and I am Student in collage I search for job but I do n't find a job
I wish that my country become a great country and better and I wish to married who I love her
Recently Scotland really has ' Hit the world ' for some of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .
- This goes without saying cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement although I do abhor using public transport .
As a grown - up now , I know full well how more affordable public transport is albeit less than before .
The likes go out with friends and go to a parties , Richard has got a tortoise call " Peny " .
I 'm so happy with these holidays , I hope know good people and visit beautiful places .
My favourite sport is a football soccer because it is the most popular on the worl .
After school my friends and I go to a park to play soccer , we play for two hours .
when they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drinker easily , she started feeling much better so they decided her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda on their house so she could get some rest and so she could ate more chicken soup , because they want Fernanda to feel better .
Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda crying called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know in how much time they 'll returned to their house .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived at home at 11:00pm it was obscure and they would n't me able to see Fernanda , on that time the light turned off , and they try to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her that they came out from the park at 9:00pm it was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because they police thought that she had a globe with wine , and her mother told the police that she does n't have alcohol or wine on her car , and they police did n't believed her and they took them to the police station so they could check his car , and about 10 minutes approximately they told her that she did n't have nothing so they , went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
I am originally from Ukraine , was living from 2009 till last year in Germany and Juan is from Colombia , since 3 years in Switzerland .
We 're looking for a new nice home and so we are truly interested to keep your place tide and take care about it as it were our own .
If you 'd like we could get the recommendations from our previous landlords .
If I told you that , Travelling with a car or by bus , which one you will pick .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing their mind , they start like having their own way to travel , Privacy also an important reason , people need to have a private means of transportation .
that 's why there is no future for public transport
I know I have to lean but to start leaning is n't easy .
I do n't want to study but there is no way out .
My favourite sport is football , the principal reason why I like it is because when I was younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every day .
My favourite team in Spain is Real Madrid , the best team .
If I were football player , I would like played in this team , but I think that it is very difficult because , only the best players gets it .
Nowadays I like others sports to practise : tennis , Basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
Finally I recommend this sport for the child in order to get a healthy life , get together with their friends and forget for much time alcohol and drugs .
I am here to write about a composition about public transportation in Somalia specially the capital city Mogadishu where there is a little public transport comparing to our neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model which Van as well as very distracted roads which may cause collateral damage .
Sometimes passengers and drivers face risks and road blocks which usually happen when the Somali government leaders are travelling across the city and even abroad .
So having good infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
Hello friends , you 're welcome to Puerto , here we have a lot of shops .
If you want you can buy a lot of things there .
As for as public Transport you can save fuel as well as pollution but it take more time to reach the destination .
while if you have your own conveyance you can save time and moreover it is safe .
the most important thing is there would be huge traffic on the roads and traffic movement will be very slow .
but keeping in view of environment we should prefer to use public transport
My name is Andreas Costa Souza , I am a student of Digital Media in Technologic of Monterrey .
I have experience working with children , my experience is about to years in summer camps around the world .
The last film I saw was not new , in fact it was " The Others "
The others is a film that is based on a family that lives in a house and in this where many strangers things happen .
The principal character is Grace that is the mother of her two children Nicholas and Anne .
In the film there were servants , they were Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stayed in that house but not they were not alone they were with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
The problem is that the mother started to listen many wear sounds and her sons were not doing them , so who was the responsible .
Her sons have a problem they ca nt see the natural light and one they Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying so she went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there so she go to the other room and the courtins also were not there so she stars getting nervous and more nervous so she go and talk to the servants , so she got very angry and she told them go out of my house and they did not care so she pick up a gun and the old lady returned her keys .
Of course I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting and in some parts is funny too , and Nicole is the principal character so I love it !
In my opinion I do not agree with what journalists do , or to me if I were a movie star , a famous man who has done many performances I do not like every hour of the day to be pursued by journalists .
In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because journalists papparazzi can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do it and you can not because journalists .
Sometimes abuse the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions with no response or have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .
And finally I would like to say yes are against these people , or still might change their style and everything would be ok !
He has a short light brown her and black Eyes .He has a light beard .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g and has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegant .
MOTASSEM is nice and lovely fiance he love his job as he is Patient will dong has jop .he is a hard worker he has amazing laughs
.When you started talk with him you will be inspire by his knowledge and his way of talk he have the talent to Convinces
My parents are on patins , my first sister is 37 years old , she is married and she has 2 children Zyad and Yassin , her name is eman .
My second sister is 34 years old , she is single and she works as a customer service agent , her name is Shymaa .
My third sister is 29 years old , she is married and she has 2 children jana and Salah , her name is Asmaa .
I have a little toddler with whom I love to share my feelings , he always give me a nice hug after I return from the office .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
My town is called Assuit . the People here , have no knowledge about how to use their rubbish.people throw their rubbish everywhere . on the other hand , we haven't any kind of law , that can limit that action ; I mean rubbish throwing .
So if we still doing nothing new , out country will still unattractive .
Because if everyone uses his / her car pollution will increase and that will eventually affect every living being .
There we can eat a lot types of dishes but the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .
As your enter the place you are welcomed by magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working so you can see the quality of the food .
The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done while clients are waiting they always give bread and wine
The price of the food is expensive but nothing pays a good meal .
In the end of the meal you have to sign a book to recall in the future .
I have good abilities ; such as , organizing the activities and help the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
The other chart is about employer support , under 26 years old is the most higterst because it almost have 70% , the scentd higterst is age 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% of people are taken ; niy yhe most lower is 35% age of group are 30 - 39 years old .
In Stockholm you can do whatever you want , there is places to enjoy for everyone .
If you like night life you can go to some bars and night clubs that are open till morning .
But there are two places that i meant in the beggining , its a big zoo called Kolmorden and biggest aquapark in Scandinavia that called Rusha .
Do You know I came back from Budapest ? .
She is Azucena and nowadays , she lives in Toulouse .
My husband and me , often go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .
It is an old city , with red buildings .
Toulouse buildings are built with bricks , red bricks .
Hello Alison .
How are you doing ? .
We have customs as siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermínes in Pamplona .
Please , drop me a line as soon as you can .
So I think my favorite sport is go walking through the nature .
I love it , when the temperatur is a little bit cold , but not too much .
I can relaxing , when i walk alone and hear the noise of the birds in the trees .
We all agree on that , eating food is one of the best moments on our day , it 's like word stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
Michael decided to open the door and back for her , he thought better the things he do not want to leave her again , he like her , he knows himself and he wants to know her , he have kept all his feelings for a long time .
The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working when a girl of his job asked him whether he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on you know my ex - girlfriend then she only walked without tell nothing .
He remembered , two years ago when he had been working and he decided to back home early while he had been backing to home he saw his girlfriend with other guy they were hugging .
he arrived the home and he only thought and thought all night it was the second time that she has been unfaithful since then he is alone .
Today in the morning he have not gone to work and he was staying in a pub to drink beer , then a girl went to him , he knew her , she is Abigail .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered like he knew her on the bus , maybe she have always been the woman of his live he looked at eyes and smile he wants to ask her whether now is not late to satart to know her but he decided leave the pub he walked to exit .
Finally Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year!Because Norovirus infected me!At first , I had a high fever but I thought if I take some medicine I will be fine .
I can not eat anything even in New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I can not play poker with my cousins .
Though everythings were depressing , I still have a wonderful winner vacation with my family : we went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族)to visited its blooming cherry blossom.(I do n't know its variety~Is it from Japan??XD)Cherry blossom is very beautiful but there are so many people .
We will review their performance in a period of 6 months and accordingly will decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .
Also on the sofas there are many colorful Pillows
When I want studying for exams going to the living room and sitting front of TV
For this reason I spend most of my time there
People who needs to go in the same direction , meet each other and use only one car .
My country very interesting place , we have more ancient and mistyc places .
I think , you could nt work in my country , because its illegal for foreiners .
After that we went our favorite art - cafe .
We like it because cafe has beautiful design and tasty food .After that we went to walk on embankment .
All the best .
First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , all because we are all learning American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to contact British English , it 's full of tone cadence , always feel particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance qualities .
And the strengths and weaknesses in both of segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit , when I heard a sentences , I would use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again , therefore , I can easily be interpreted illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not noticed this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird , this is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
I 'm not teaching English in my new school , but in the future if there is the chance I will definitely give it a try , especially in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , the biggest gain this course is to read picture books to read and record , because that and English proficiency is not just training , but will note that strengthen their pronunciation and intonation , and then each time peer feedback also completed the listening exercises .
What 's more , all people once a year , plant trees in all village for it is more beautiful .
On top of that these machines only worked when it is wrote an order to the computer .
Currently in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size internal memory ( bigger than the old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied but more smaller than the previously computers ) and its shape , the weight of it ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
Finalize can tell that with the passage of time people we change the way we see the world , comes into play evolution , not only of technology but also of society , religion , etc .
In my opinion , staying alone means that you have something to think about , for example to think about our deeds .
In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots , everyone deservs that they want .
there is a heavy traffic , and the difficulty in finding a parking place .
I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reduce the polucion .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job , pepole of all ages need to work in summer camp job , my name is patrick i am 13 years .
I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise every shop in usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .
I am really very proud to work with you , you will see my wonderful launch and dessert . Thnx god to give me this job .
In addition investigation can bring within company in
But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I ca n't be so decadent forever I want some change , hoping I will be better in the next year .
Nowadays young people 's health is n't as healthy as for example twenty years ago .
Currently we do usually less exercise than before because we use our car to go anywhere .
On the other hand , children are used to eat only what they want because in general they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruits , fish ...
They like eating junk food , hamburgers , French fries and sweets and what 's more they do n't do any exercise .
That 's the reason for we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to do .
When I was born my dad decided to quit his company to get more time for his family .
Today personal vehicle become pride of the life , mean if a person is on there personal vehicle they are look as higher status in the society .
to tackle this problem we have to deliberately think about it .
thank you very much
For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made on it which it makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
We can not stop changing but we can guide it to the a special benefit which it makes the life easier and more comfortable .
I enjoy watching Tennis in my couch , is weird that I haven't played Tennis because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I just can watch in my TV .
But I hope one day go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
Since the first time I watched him play , eight years ago was the same year that I started watch Tennis .
I like how the players moved through the court and how the audience applaused them every time they won a point , although I 'm not in the court I could feel the feeling of the game , it 's really awesome .
Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
My advice would be that I you want to play Tennis just go ahead play it , not expect till others do it , because you can do that too .
At the beginning it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .
Público transportation is excellent , you sabe money , tale care of the environment and make friemds .
People are more likely to take care of the gardening or shopping than participate in the celebration of Good Friday which makes the author connect Easter with a pagan spring festival .
She 's incredible , is like the sister I 'd never had .
I would n't imagine a life without her , she 's the best person I ever met .
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of scenery , such as the great beach besides a row tree , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
When having an alarm about the pollution water , land ... by town 's civil , authorities must reposibile for this cause .
If it is too cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is too hot I wear shorts , sandals , a light weight vest and sunglasses .
When I stay at home , I can wear pyjamas all day long ( for example when I 'm sick ) Also , there are days when I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .
For instance Melbourn , the secondary city in Australia where are trams via through the whole city area .
It was 11 pm and her boyfriend was n't in their house , she started getting confused and temerously .
After that answer , she was n't satisfied so she decided to start calling all the hospitals of the area .
Alison felt desesparate , she notice that her husband 's car were in her house , so he was walking or someone pick up to him , she takes the phone and she call all him group of friends , nobody now anything and now they were scaried .
She was terrified , she starts thinking about the possibility of the death .
She got into her car and look for her husband for all their small city , Pentonville , after half an hour she saw him sleeping in a square .
now days , there are many type of transport in the world , bus taxi , train but train more conform then else , I always used bus in city .
On one hand the public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can muve around all the city .
In fact you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you have hurry .
In conclusion the public transport is very good and if it desapear it will be a big problem , is right that some times you need a private transport but apart from that the public transport is very use by people of all ages .
If you choose me , i comitted with myself to comply with all working in a timely manner because this is how i characterized .
First I would like to intoduce myself , my name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I tell you why my favourite sport is football which is a sport than I have practiced since I was six years old .
I have confessed that in the first time I did n't like it very much because I was a bit shy boy and I cost a lot of effort to integrate with the other players of the team but with the passage of the time I liked more and more .
I would like to advice for the children who give yours first steps in this sport that is which perseverance and effort you can achieve great treasures .
I went also , to the mountains with my family .
Now , this year , I 'll do more exercises , I'll go with my family to the beach and swim in the sea .
I 'll eat better , I'll walk more , I'll walk more , do good things and speak more with my friends
Do you hear about Islam
Can you ask yourself why we are here on earth to entertain or for what ?
Be honest with yourself
At first I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even tell that this opinion is opposite of the present and future situation .
In my opinion people will travel by public transport more frenquely , because this type of transport is less expensive , more trustworthy and even more ecological than travelling by car .
If this will happen , people are going to be more social and empatic , not even for peoples emotions , but also for our environment and they will treasure it .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution . which leads to global warming , that became a real threat of our life day by day .
to illustrate , when we use the renewable energy we reduce emissions so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future furthermore sons future .
for example , using wind Energy or Solar Energy for electricity generation we will be used less fuel what is affected in emissions .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that rules impose people lowering using things make a lot of pollution illustrate , using big vehicles or about building big facilities such as big factories .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . for instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same that make a lot of pollution for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
Because , war destroys mankind and countries .
Many wars start because , people do n't know or respect the other beliefs very well thus , we need to learn about belief other people we are live with them .
To illustrate , people should cooperation To intervene to bring peace to the world to stop the war in many areas like what United Nations doing .
My most terrifying day was January 23rd , last year .
After ten minutes I asked the teacher of called my parents for returned home .
On the hospital the doctor did me a drip and after some hours I felt better .
To solve this problem Lima has been making long term strategies .
we do not respect traffic rules to drive only with the intention to go fast as possible to our destination , this often causes traffict accidente and congestion .
For this reason people is becoming acure of the terrible problem and is learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
This is due to Lima in the beginning has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , and it only has been improvising to build their way without any criteria to transport its population .
Currently this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions such a metropolitan .
I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that in 20 years our reality improve our reality
Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and this car produce a lot of smoke and the nature is dying , if we do nothing , the nature will disappear .
I used my car every day however few a few I started to take public transport for I can to save up money
Eventually he saw the Kabaa .
One there , a man raised his hands and called to the God .
He had never seen anything so fantastic , but all too soon , it was time to leave .
It had been fun day out but unfortunately he had to be home in the time for bed .
The One of the most amazing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without needs to go out from your city .
All amenities that is necessary for your daily life such as fantastic school with perfect teachers and modern building is found .
Transportation does not make a matter because it has got many bus lanes and bus stations .
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it becasue it is the best way to loss weight and get your health better than medicine .
Not only are they well - known for its long tradition but it also famous for the hospitality of inhabitants living here which attract domestics and foreign tourists come here to see the famous sights as well as shopping for souvenirs .
They offer a wide range of choice from souvenir items such as pictures , jewellries to local specialities with a reasonble price to suit different interests of people .
It is conveniently situated in the town centre which takes 5 minutes to walk in a crow flies .
A lot of products such as consumer electronics , foods , souvenirs are sold here .
Compared with local shops , products ' price in shoping mall is considerably higher than that in local shops but it offers more varieties of products .
My name is Yusuf Hamid I am 17 years old and I visit the state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine wether i can do my A -level on the college of further education in Bamberg what i really want .
I usually playing it with my partners and my friends which do the game even more fun .
So , normally the use of the car is for pleasure .
From the point of view of the invaironment this is a bad idea because spend a lot of gas by person .
Some countries have a good net of intrastruture and people use then mainly , because the public transport is cheaper than the car and more quickly .
It is a problem of mentality , if we had born in a society that used the public pranspor I thought that is the better and we would use then normally .
In my own town , people do n't use public transport , some months ago the council gave a public sercice bike and three months later they had to close it .
My name is Afsaneh , I'm from IRAN , I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about Iranian celebration of new year .
It meaning Tuesday night of week and take place on last Tuesday night of the year .at this night people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to fire : I give you my sign of sickness(yellow color)and you give me your healthy sign ( red color)and eat some special foods .
In during the holiday people going to see their family , friends and relatives in type of short time visit .
It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day people going picnic and spent the day out of their homes on the nature because they believe that Thirteen number that brings bad luck for them .
Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
Series also can help you to study , for me it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch helped me in school , such as breaking bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
in my opinion the television can entertain as can educate people on different ways .
I have worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer I worked in other restaurant in London , however I would like to look after children because I have studied to be a teacher .
Also I have worked in others summer camps how are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
Also for me the salary is not a problem because my motivation is to learn
In the future I really want my grandchildren to be happy that is all I ask for . I may be young but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years i mean dream does not hurt .
I do not know how to answer this question honestly but i guess i will never know .
However , I think it is very expensive but with a decrease in the cost there would be more people .
Nowadays have a car is very expensive because you have to pay a lot of thinks .
Personally , I use more public transport but I hardly ever use private transport
I 'm very tiring day , when I go and went straight to bed .
Well I think you have chosen the best idea , because there are
First I believe you can travel from north of Italy to the south , in
But it 's not all , since you know two languages , maybe you can find
In the car you do not have a timetable to be respected , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still to snow , rain , cold .
trips are longer on public transport or by car .
Frankly it seems that the town that I have been living have not taken care about the environment .
In general we do n't take care about nothing , water , recyclable things even our air conditioning .
Here in Brazil is very difficult take care about it because it demands serious behaviour and skills from our gorvernants which unfortunatuly wo n't happens in a short time .
Although Brazil passed through several changes since last 40 years , the main one haven't started yet and I am talking about Education .
And why am I talk about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of environment care is our minset , just with knowledge and information we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and reverse we have the current result .
So if we believe it is a kind of important subject to take care , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
we can choice expencive things for interior .
we have to invest our love , dreams , patient . and as a result we can create the best house ever .
so we have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place
It is not easy way but it is necessary to do it .
n the town he tries that the people have to aware about the sitiations and they take care the environment
In my opinion we should take conciencious and stop it , if we don , t stop it , after it will be later .
Another thing , at my home there are some rules : I and my brother tidy our room , we clean the bathroom when we use it , we ca n't eat in the sofà ..
I always try to follow rules but I sometimes break them because I 'm lazy !
I do n't argue with only one of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother for television channels but we make up immediately .
With my parents I argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak with them ..
My last argue with my family was yesterday
First , you should know is the weather , we have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the middle east .
Riyadh is the capital City it 's in the center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
All the stores and malls are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go for pray for work you need to know what the major you want to work in so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .
after what I told you about my country I hope you like it .
My village has around 700 residents
It has a lot of beautiful things how an old church of century XV but this church is in ruins but the new church also is very beautiful and comfortable .
My village has a wall of the stone , this wall was built by resident of the village in 1715 .
Other interesting place in my village is the square with his source
Also there the same supermarket , bar and restaurants .
For many years , people use public transport to go to work to study and to travel .
Also , for somebody it could be cheaper to travel by a bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
We can think that there is no future for public transport because most of people use their own car .
Using your own car you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what way your are go to use .
It 's more confortable go anyway with your own car , the problem is the pollution that this life bring us , and also the park problem .
In my opinion , the most important is enjoy your work because we spent an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we will do , as a result if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be a hell .
The truth is , that the perfection would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and of course , making a lot of money , like for example Hollywood actors or football players but this is almost impossible .
The scorch trials is one of the best films and thriller that I have ever seen , it is so exited all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be inmune if some sick person bite them .
one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
In the trip you can do many activities like climbing , swimming , paddling rafting and enjoying the place .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do Babysitting so the company of children not afraid me .
When I was younger I went to summer camp in France , consequently I know which activities I can propose to children .
Can you help me somehow?Please I want to study this subject .
The day began as usual and no signs of trouble were but when she woke up and went down stairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
Firstly , Django Unchained remembered us the hard life suffered by black people in the past , due to a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be selling to an owner farm , it being matching with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
On the other hand , there are some arguments for sport specially volleyball .
When I play volleyball I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game .this game i like to play .
In addition to this It pushes me to keep on trying so that I can get everything right .
it is upstearm that irrigates our economic life . and no doubt that Negligence has the ability to destroy many good sides in our life .and our government is doing her best to put end to negligence .
but we also must coparation to save our town . on the other hand we must Presentation awareness program for all people .
and we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .
Natural environment destroyed that is a people focus on frequently problem .
I 'm not agree abaout this statement becasue in a big cities there are a lot of cars , if all people in a city use his own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
There are more problems in big cities , one of them is parking , there are a lot of areas in a city that is very difficult to park , and you only have 2 options , you can park in a private parking and pay a lot of money or you can waste you time searching for a place of parking .
I am Xyz I have a 18 years old and I am student .
the party is the next week on Julias house , it is going to start at 5:00 pm
She is a doctor , she told me that swimming will let my body more better .
You can go to the swimming club , that is a way to meet people with interesting of same .
Many people think running is a wasting time or it 's very difficult but I do n't agree .
After that on the next day , I feel myself better .
Four years ago I had often cold and recovery long period .
After rehabilitation I continued feel hurt in my foot and I still limped .
I decided to stop this and one gorgeous morning I starting running !
First week one km , second one km and 300 meters etc .
I found ad about this job on the Internet
I traveled a lot , because this is my hobby , I learned about a lot of food in many countries
I am prepare for long working hours , that 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spend timee with people .
My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising for a long time ago since I was a kid .
Nowadays it is really important to know how to swim because when we are in holidays we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even at the sea .
I like other sports such as football and volleyball too .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy but it also help us to make new friends because while we are training we have mates in our team which we can talk to and make them our friends .
Otherwise it is a sport where you do not have contact with your friends what helps not to make injuries .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when we are a little child to gain experience and year after year becoming better and improving .
Actually there are two kinds of sports .
I think it is the most interesting sport
In our world lives many personalities , more or less known , such a film - stars , music - stars and so on , but why they ca n't have normal lives ?
Actually I have to admit , that , film stars , politicians and other famous people have to count on fame .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course in which I have learnt to organise all kinds of activities with children since canoeing from swimming competitions , also , I worked in a summer camp last yaer where y could put all the things that I have learnt in practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to do it again .
It really was amazing , I think , it was a breakthrough in my perception of music .
The good thing about it was the fact , that the band(actually I even do n't remember it 's name)was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even think about leaving the place .
In my opinion music like this should be diplayed more often in the radio and other mass media .
Please , feel free to get in touch with my teacher in order to obtain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 , He speaks English fluently ) .
My learning and work capacity together with my enthusiasm are the core strengths could be of great help to your company .
I used to dream of playing for barcelona and because barcelona has good players I like I , for example Lionel Messi .
But even though I will never get a chance of playing for my dream team I still enjoy playing football . I can play with people who are good and I still have fun .
Once you start playing football , on a young age you get really better at football .
" The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum exactly .
When we arrived there , last summer in July , the owners welcame us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge all included in the room 's fee .
Any room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks on the sea so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
During our stay all the staff was friendly and always available .
Since I was five I have enjoyed playing football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
Football is great sport for everyone men , women , children , adults , even elderly people enjoy it .
How have you been , my friend .
I heard about You want to have a trip in Taiwan , I lovely helped you when you came to Taipei .
At any time of day or night , we could see people eating in all kinds of eating establishments , from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
We also could go hiking on the mountain or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan
On the other hand , you wanted to look for a job , maybe you could have part - time job in the cram school .
The other team was profesional , they had won many competitions , they were really good but Tom and I knew that we could won .
Our competition was on Monday , we had one day left .
Winning , we knew it had a cost but one that we could achieve .
Tom was really tired and it was really weird because it was not a hard run , I knew it was because of the nerves .
After the run we continued with our daily routine .
I know how to look after kids I even have two little sisters and I take care of them .
I can also do different activities with kids for example : singing , running around the garden , planting trees , drawing , playing instruments , etc .
Sport is an important for all of us because it helps us avoiding disease , and becoming healthier .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling fresh and relax .
The two I have enjoyed the most are " The wolf of Wall Street " and " The Secret life of Walter Mitty " , or more simply " Walter Mitty " .
Walter Mitty instead deals with the fantastic story of the main character , an archivist , whose life will been changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
In order to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet new people from all around the world I have got very excited about that position available .
I think that I can help you on several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
It is true in many cases as public transport like buses , trains and trams have their own specific routes and stops .
Secondly , public transport seems to be going expensive day by day which has reduced its popularity .
In modern society cars have become more cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
In conclusion , i would say that due to recent advancements in society , there has been a considerable increase in the car ownership .
I think that when you want to get famous because of something that you do ( for example : writing musical ) you have to accept what comes with it .
It 's true that sometimes paparazzi cross the line and invade their private properties which I find awful .
However , there are also those kinds of people that get famous for doing nothing or just being rich as it 's the case of Paris Hilton .
They are just people , but not like you or me , or at least I do n't have a fabulous ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
In our word it 's impossible to live without using technology .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example explain well and calm the use of new technology to an old man or woman , at the end , also these people are in conditions to use it .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I watched THE TITANIC , perhaps the movie counts us , the typical story the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
In fact .
There is not probably a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living today ; that is , if enterprises continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
Every single one of them said that if you work abroad , you will improve your English a lot since you will be listening and speaking it all day .
Another drawback is that unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
there are few things which I am very keen and passionate of , in the whole world .
I have been practicing swimming pool since I was six years old , now I am twenty one . this should not let you stay without a clue of how much I care about my hobby .
This is not just a sport but an extraordinary thing I do in the ordinary life , in the everyday life .
So I let myself drop in the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion i could ever try .
If I had to suggest a sport to do for children , I would recommend it because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantee an upper level of wealth .
I 'll finish saying that even when I was young if my father had asked me if I would have rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would have surely chosen the first one .
First of all the environment is contaminated and these substances get to us by water , air , food ... also the clothes .
Then it is very important to exercise because your body and your mind need movement .
If you do not have enough time for exercise every day you can make little efforts : do not use the lift , use the stairs or walk every time you can .
Nowadays we have a hurries lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
In my opinion I must express the facilities given by the Internet .
It 's all so easy with it and useful , for example you can order a pizza to take to your home
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where every day you do the same activities , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forget words , dates , information that you had learned a few years ago because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I think that your brain is like your body , they both need exercise to be active and the way to get it is reading something .
Finally , if you get Reading habit you 're going to organize better your ideas and you may feel more energetic , if you do n't believe me , just try it .
This follows that on the one hand I have extensive knowledge in how to be on good terms with different people and on the other hand I have a perfect coomand of English .
Two years ago I worked as an interpreter and an organizer of Waterski World Championship in Moscow .
My opinion is rooted in my experience so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth I like cooking and experience new things in general .
If you want to start playing badminton you should look for a badminton club near by and should sign up for a training class .
Mostly the Badminton Clubs sell all kinds of Badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
When you start playing you should practice minium twice a week , better three times a week .
Those films are really good , you have drama , romance , and thriller , those films are very entertaining .
I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movies and also they are worth the while and you are not going to regret it .
Another thriller that is really good is the cabin in the woods , that movie is really entertaining , and scary .
if you like scary thrillers this movie is the one for you to watch , i do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious so you are going to like that one
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from the magnificent Gaudi 's artwork it is n't as famous as them .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish on the sea but there was n't an aproppiate place to keep it so they could n't eat one or two days later .
That situation must have been terrible for the population but fortunately , there is always a possible solution .
Neighbours helped them to make the building and after a few months , they began to use it .
As the story continued people kept thinking that fish were polluted .
As always after having fish for dinner he had a strange dream .
He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle it was a revolution , were the fish where the citizens .
Which meant some of fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
The fish where going to the beach were , the people fished .
That was his entire dream , he was now scared to know if that was real or not .
When he woke up from his dream kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
After walking for a lot of days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking of how much they would still need to walk to find a city , also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
During a gap year you have the chance to consider all the issues connected with your future .
In the beginning it would be a simply and without high wages job but you would get some experience .
To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision you should give it a thought before you finally decide .
Last year I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only with my hands and fantasy .
I grew up in a family , which members speak fluently Italian and Spain .
In my opinion TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress watching TV .
After that I practiced turns and driving on the road .
I have seen your English courses in the internet and suddenly I thought , that 's it what I need !
At the moment I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I will find an other location to stay , that 's no problem !
I hope it will be every day because , I wrote that , I 'm looking forward to learn English !
I would be glad , if you could respond to my questions so fast if you can .
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Whether it would be possible for you to increase the period of one topic studying ? for example 2 weeks for each unit ?
I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms , in fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoor though it 's not a beautiful day .
As for me I 've got some rules
I 've got some problems with waking up in the morning
Try to not to eat a very substantial meal in evening and in the morning
Watching national geographical or discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics which are really interesting .
Entertainments are a must , everyone should take time off from their busy or hectic schedule .
I am wrtitting this letter as an answer to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested . .
I am actually studying a marketing and market research degree at Malaga 's University , in September I will start my last year of course , which I hope to finish next year .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Málaga , I consider myself as a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working but finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change a bus for another one going to my town where I can meet you at the bus station .
As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment but I suggest taking something warm just in case as the weather is very changeable here .
I 'm really satisfied as there were about 200 competitors and so I would have never thought to be the winner .
For disable people there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
For couples who have babies there should be baby care services .
The hotel should have all inclusive concept so before people go for holiday , they could calculate their costs .
Also the food should be provided from the company .
Firstly , being at schools with lots of other children in a class develops your social skills , but learning at home , makes you lose contact with others .
Now that they are back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well his brother that has been evading her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend , they are n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by going to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her the chance to confront instead of making a chaos about it , despite this insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
She called Jimmy and told him where she was going , but Jimmy did n't answer since he was at work , so she left a voice message .
There are only limited numbers of government buses on the road and their frequency are not good so they get overcrowded .
People board these buses out of compulsion as they have to reach office on time .
On the other hand , metro service is a good medium of transportation , it goes over the road so you do n't get traffic .
The waiting time is minimum , you get a train in every 3 to 5 minutes .
After a few kilometer , you will find a bus stop but Metro stations are built only in major areas .
So even if you travel through metro , you have to take a bus or auto to reach your destination unless it is located near a metro station .
In public transport many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey , it is very exhausting especially in a long journey .
While in a private vehicle you can sit comfortably and enjoy your journey .
Everyone can not afford a car so public transport would be there but in future as well but fewer people will use it .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore As I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department has to start the search of a new employee .
Any experienced worker would bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment and experience of course .
In my opinion , recent graduates are ambitious , without prejudices and most of them are not family people as of yet .
Now I explain to you , how to reach my home from the airport .
After you can take the bus , which drives you to Chiari .
You surely remember that place because the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station where you 've never been .
Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment , however , one of the problems that society has faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
It is believed , there are ways to make TV can help educate .
In addition , many of the educational programs are not transmitted by broadcast television and people without cable system , have no access to these .
In my opinion it 's true , however , family is a very important part in your life and you have to take care of it .
Accordingly , the first one considers if the activity has been affected by file sharing whereas the second analyses the live performance success in the present technological era .
I 'm very excited about your arrived in Santa Cruz next week ; I 'll give you some advice about awesome places to visit .
The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ , you will be astounded with the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get it .
I remember that you are fascinat with Nature , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicious typical food , you will see an amazing view and a lot kind of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
Because I can cycling and swimming almost whenever . I might say in every season .
When it 's cold I always go to a cover swimming pool and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining I always go to a reservoar .
Instead of cycling in winter . I would n't do it because according to my opinion it is quite dangerous .
That 's the one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be out . Instead of a walk or snowboarding .
Casar de Cáceres is located in the north of Cáceres , you can see a lot of amazing things in this spectacular villa .
Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience , we can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata is located in Casar .
Discover this beautiful town with the five senses ;
However , others believe that public transport is better due to the fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by cars , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society with the severe environmental issues .
If everyone start using car for traveling ; the road wo n't be enough to everyone as there are seven billion people in the world ; and even for environment it is better to use as less as possible .
The government and public body should start thinking about it and to save the society public transport is the best .
Certain age people wo n't be able to drive a car so that they definitely need the public transport .
So in summary to save the environment , to make the road accessible to everyone public transport should have been used and we all should try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
He asked Jessica to come with her , but she did n't agree because before marrying him she would try to see if their love could hold out against everything , also the distance .
" If you think so go away , forever ! " told Michael .
However I believe the public transport still be very important in our society and has a huge future .
Firstly , travelling by bus or in other public transport,(as underground ) , help us to decrease the emissions of gas , which causes pollution and global warming .
Secondly we all know that the public transport is cheaper than the private transport .
And the last , ( but not the least ) , public transport is muche safe than the private , because it transports much more people , and so , there is more cauttion .
People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe once there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight loss process .
In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to weight loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
Of course , people want to know some facts of personal life of famous people , but often star dont'n like when journalists try to get in their life .
On the first hand , I would like to talk about the fact that with the help of the internet we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
There are community sites like Facebook , which have a built in messenger .
On the other hand though , people can become anti social , just because of the lack of real face to face meetings .
In the second part , with the internet we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
It is more time efficient and in my point of view it is more easier .
However these news can be false .
Gnadenthal is a very small , consisting of almost only one single drivable road village , which is not famous for its size , though .
The few houses themselves are set around a very old , Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for growing sheep and cows .
Nearby , fields with growing vegetables can be visited , which never has been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too many times , sport its bad for health , it makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like this , and the music is improving and stimulating your brain and intelligence .
But also I told you that if you are so good in sports you might get a grant for your studies which will get worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with the music if you are good at cause is better for your brain but also sports can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
Well there is my opinion I will ask some friend about and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more , also if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help please , I will help you in all you want .
See you my Nigga ¡
But , for the beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running may be bored , tired , dangerous , even , but if you get a strong spirit and will power , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
If you want to try it .
Opening your mind , do n't be chicken and you 'll find different one about you !
However , after I came to New Zealand , I found a special sport which does n't need any ability , trekking .
Also you are able to choose a place to go depend on how you feel .
If you are interested in trekking , you should buy water - proof clothes just in case .
To conclude , trekking is one of the most enjoyable sports even for people do n't like sports like me .
Instead of taking your seat right home , you need to go to a more or less far place in order to take a public transport , and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
First point , which I would like to menchioned about is cost .
Cars are n't cheep and if you think that is easier to move form one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point but there is a lot of considerations which you should occur like : gas , insurance or parking cost .
When you driving by the car you should be focus on the road , you need to think what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should chose .
That could be frustrating especialy when you have long road and you need to spend long hours driving .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
Another advantage could be teachers : they are quite strict sometimes but they make us studying harder and this is not so easy to do with teenagers .
But there are some disadvantages like stairs because we are at the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many strairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
We share the floor with another school and it has a different timetable and the bell rings 10 minutes before and it makes me confused but I really like 4B and I would n't change it .
For instance we can use cars radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to news while making our way to the place we want to go .
Nowadays people are depending on them too much .
Unfortunately we should be careful with the way we use them .
Despite all previous things Adam was alone , has no friends in school or in abbeywood street in Queensland where he lived in Australia and Adam was very annoyed about that and what make it worth a boy called Johnny who had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends but from his bad luck , they were n't very good friends , they used to make troubles and do n't do their home work in time .the boys were Fernando and Louis in their seventh year in school as Adam .
The math teacher in school Mr Michael was a very good teacher who takes care of children in school .
In the final exam Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and inform the school 's manager who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
In matter of fact Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got low but he didn't , and the consequences were very bad so , Michael closed the door and know at that moment he had made a mistake .
Also , every three or four minutes you can get on the train .
I know this is not easy but there is an ecological and cheap transport : the bicycle .
For short distance it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid contaminating .
Of course it is not a way for long distance , but step to step , the traffic problems will improve .
As far as the storyline is concerned I have to say that the film is really fast - moving .
Regarding acting , taking into account that it is a big - budget film there is not much to say .
It is fairly well played by actors , such as , Jesse Eisenberg , Morgan Freeman who play their role perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understanable you know that , indeed , it is not .
These consequences vary , one example would be that students may get lower grades on their exams , or even fail them .
As a result , many High School Students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying since they have many things on going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
When I grew up I realize sooner than later , that I will never be nor a good neither a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players ever lived .
Long after that due such I was a natural talent about engeneering , I began to write books and essays about everything realted with my job .
Today you need more than what you needed yesterday .
People looking for comfortable easy life .
companies are looking for well educated people with a good experience to hire and students more likely to fit their choices .
With your certificate you can easily fine a job .
For that reason we 're going to putting our name down at the gym and the swimming - pool .
Besides I 've a big surprise , apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has offered us to join in .
I know that this is something strange but I really enjoy it .
To begin with I am interested in birdwatching because from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
Furthermore I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
So if someone really want to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area that he lives .
To sum up I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sport but you must like it to start it .
In addition , it could be interesting although you do n't have to do physical actitivy , because of your capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech will be got better in this kind of activity .
Moreover , I think that it should become a reality because the field of the activity is so broaden and it could be useful in other plenty scope even in your daily routine .
Also , it will be interesting for me tuition , which refers to biology and influence in different kind of chemical compounds over the human body .
Please , check for me , which colleges provide these subjects and when they start .
Last , but not least , what is the fee ? I want to find a college , which is not so expensive .
If service meets only the expectation and does not provide anything more than it , means customer satisfaction is there but customer would not feel great .
In this context it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer services of builders and results of Vasthu .
Personally I , watch a comedy movie almost every evening .
They are short sighted and seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thoughts .
I do not know if there is filter for president candidates , I just know that the ballots are counted in states .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria , there were chaos for " democracy " everywhere , and the next , might be Hong Kong .
While , I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts .
However , learning ideas and concepts need more investigation and understanding many of the academic textbooks . .
When , students catch the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issue related to it deeply .
For instance , when I was in senior year in high school .
If you ask me , who is the person who I admire the most ?
He is so brilliant , he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and the most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
When he was younger , he worked to the government but he had to quit because of the corruption .
He always wanted to have his own business , he used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
He travelled a lot , he knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many places .
So , if I can end my days , been a little bit like him , the work will be finished and I could say I have been a good father just like him .
When I try to create in dreams , the home of the future the first thing , which I have in mind is new technology . in my opinion , homes in the future have to be different , this is connected with our society and development .
To begin with , I consider that many of homes , which will be create in the future must have robots .
In general houses could have open space , a lot of windows and light everywhere .
Because it was our first day at Algarve , we decided to explore , a bit more of the area .
Near the restaurant we saw a very strange thing .
He sad that girl , that he was drawing , is the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
When the night comes I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go .
Since then we have been in touch and by now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him never .
After that , I sign up into Karate classes but I did n't like combat sports like this .
The main reason which makes me love it , maybe that 's the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket , it makes you go to the seven heaven .
All of us are surrounded of plastic , plastic is needed in our everyday life for a lot of things .
For this reason when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change treir live style .
Nowadays there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic so it could be difficult to live a whole month without it .
However this family believed that if they arrived their goal , they would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
Such us yoghorts , biscuits , etc was wrapped in plastic .
However I also think that it 's important to be concient with the environmental concernts , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce the rubbish .
To sum up I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as well as carton , glass , etc .
So we can use the plastic in a responsible way but we have to know that we should n't follow this idea until the extreme because we need plastic .
I watched till they DRAG him away , and then everything got quiet again as it there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
How do they know .
How do these people find the spot .
Not just a really competitive game ; Football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team cooperation .
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start practicing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's the passion in wearing your club 's jersey and the respect towards your adversaries ' .
For years of wars and difficult situations the history was creating people 's beliefs and convintions .
When you were a child have you ever asked what are you able in ?
On one hand we have the people who lives on their sport , on the other hand there are ones who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is If you did not fall in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
YOu could go to clubbing in Tarragona but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort go to Salou .
First , Parents are a great source of experience which can be helpful in teaching .
I myself , have faced with so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
Once I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
So I just made a quick decision based on some research on the internet and some personal favorites and priorities .
I was hoping that , my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronic but my parents told me to have some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronic .
So by considering different ideas and opinions , finally I chose computer engineering as my university major .
So I came to my parents and asked their help , they presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I can easily go along with .
So parents can be the best teachers regarding their emotional closeness to their children .
Also they have so many close relationships with their children , which makes them a trustworthy characters as teachers .
I enioy to hear the rain while I am reading at home ...
Howhever I like very much walking too .
When the weather is good I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or do shopping .
Actually I do n't like very much the computer games , because in my opinion they are so boring!I also think these games get a sort of dependency , like the alcohol or the drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
For example I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory 's experiences of chemistry .
In fact I was ill all the time and I only could look the sea through the window of my room !
For example I can know about the Big Bang , the origin of the universe , it 's fascinating !
In my opinion it is one of the most interesting programme about the science on TV .
By recycling , by tryng to reduce the transit , walking and cycling , that also impruves our health and fitness .
In particular , the killer kills seven people each one corresponding to those - that according to the Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
In the movies are some references to the Dante 's " Divina Commedia " Italian poem as well as to the Bible .
In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable .
When it comes to bargain sale , on such period people start to behave like animals and rarely think reasonable .
They walk very quickly , even run to get the last thing which is left on the store .
Nevertheless , some people treat shopping too seriously and as a result become addicted to it .
At the same time I was one of the leader in the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot how to come together with people and to take care of them .
Each years , in the summer holiday I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighboorhood both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years hold .
Carefully , your Daniela
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live where we have a lot of products and chefs so good , I would want to visit an Italian restaurant because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place where you can eat a different types of cheese in the world .
When I eat in a restaurant I hate two things : people smoking and the high level of voice of the people .
Whereas , I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that make the night more romantic if you dinner with your couple or more relaxed if you dinner with your friend .
I think that an Italian restaurant is a great place for my class because there they can choose between different fantastic dishes for example : pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
However , not all it is ok , a trip to Italy is so expensive and many clasmates ca n't go it .
While on holidays from the University .
I travelled to my country of birth where I was able to meet my family member , relative and friends .
I visited many interesting places i.e. nature reserve , historical places , zoo , rivers etc .
While on the time off from the University .
I live in Milan with my parents but I 'll move to the USA before the end of spring so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
My parents are both English native speakers but to learn more about the culture I studied languages at the university and now I 'm graduated in English and French so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another state and not only with my parents and family .
In Italy I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months , I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the others 2 children are both 11 years old and back then I had to cook for them lunch and dinner .
At the university I was part of the football team and we won the championship against one of the most athletic football team in our country .
I think I 'm an energetic person , that likes all the types of sports and activities but the most important thing is that I love kids and playing with them makes me really happy .
I would like to take part of your staff so please let me know if I can work with you !
We depend on cars so much as if they are our spare pair of foot .
On a normal weekday over 8 million people use the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]
There are some park and ride stations allowed car drivers to connect with the subway , It is very convenient and encouraged more people to drive less .
First of all , once you arrive you will need to get the train , which stops at Tiburtina .
From there take the bus 45 and stop at Piazza Rubiani , I 'm do n't live very far from there , it will only take a couple of minutes .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take the second on the right which Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
The location is informal and the service is good , the owner and the waiters are friendly , you feel at home .
You can listen live music or a DJ on Friday evening , it 's really fun !
At that moment the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answeared me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
Suddenly a loud noise was heard in the room and I woke up .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US show that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of TV or computer playing video games , they hardly perform any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
For example , it should be noted that , recent studies by WHO has revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
This example shows that people with obesity not only suffer from bullying but also from heart attacks .
I spent a really good time with my boyfriend , this place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
I bought two kinds of clothes , casual clothes for every day and outfit for an occasion to my cousin 's wedding the next month .
See you soon ¡
He did n't know what to do , he tried to call someone , but the line did n't work .
He was starting to get nervous , he was arriving late to his sister 's wedding , it was probably the best day of her life and he was n't there with her .
When the first hour had passed he decided he would go walking .
When he opened the door a cold wind whipped him hard but he did n't care about it and kept going .
He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking he had to get to church .
He was wet , cold , starving and outside the weather had worsened , the road was flooded and the cars could n't pass .
Swimming is one of the most complete sports because you use every part of your body in order to sustain and advance the water .
If you want to know more and learn to practice this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school , there are many good and not so expensive , where you can count with the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence the author formulates definitions of the mentioned actions of sexual character .
On the basis of more weighed and reasonable approach the new edition of Art .
Secondly you 'll get off at the Galleria .
On the opposite side of National express ' bus stop there 's the bus stop .
Finally you will find my apartment near the bus stop .
You can go anywhere you want and even during the night when the public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
However , a car is not always more economical to run because for example , you have to pay road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
The main reason of this , is that cars use diesel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : to me was the first time I took an air , and it was amazing , but at the beginning I had a little bit of headache .
When we arrived in Catania the bus driver bring us in a café to have breakfast .
In the evening we went to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotel because we were tired .
The next morning we visited Siracusa and in the afternoon we went to Ortigia island where we had a little bit of free time .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento where a lot of us stay in the hotel that night .
In Garigento we saw the ' Valle Dei templi ' and a museum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greci ' .
We saw also Pirandell 's house , and after this we went to Marsala . during the evening we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we saw a museum and then we moved to Trapani where we visited the saltworks .
Public transport will increase in the future , because every year there are more trainstations , and more streets .
In my opinion it is one of the healthiest sport there are beacuse you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breath .
I do not practice swimming in competitions but almost since I was 3 years old .
At the moment I am training at the Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
If I had to give advice to someone who wants starting this sport I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
If he was afraid of the water it is not recommended to practice this sport , or be able to break down his fear would be a great goal .
All in all I would recommend to anyone to play this sport .
Nobody can leave a family as there will be a bloody union .
If you talk to a friend , who is also a member of your family , the situation could turn out to be a little awkward .
All in all , how we can see there are many advantages and disadvantages of considering the members of your family your best friends .
Nowadays owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you were willing to pay through the nose for it .
Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat it usually has not enough room to swing a cat .
In addition the unwillingness of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stable job is something important to take into account .
When I run I feel relaxed , I forgot all my troubles and stresses .
In addition , I met new friends here , they are very clever and physically strong .
I keep practicing with them running around West Lake every Saturday .
After the race we get around in the cafe , drink beer and have a nice conversation .
Also running improves my willpower , because I have to wake up early in the morning and run , without fail .
This company has the intention of setting up some training courses for staff so I came up with the idea of having a course that concentrates on company morale .
In conclusion this will get everyone feel part of the company and have everyone 's opinions .
The movie was first released in 1982 and directed by Ridley Scott who is the director of Alien .
The story of blade runner is about a police officer named dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth which they called the replicants , and they are dangerous on human .
The film events happened in Los Angels in late 2019 , there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character , and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty , he is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
Dickard the police officer killed three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tried to kill the last robot , he discovered that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanism body because he saved dickard 's life at the end of the film .
Travelling has an important role in our everyday life , we need to get to work , school , want to meet our friends .
Most of those plans would not be possible , if there were not for means of transport .
On the one hand it is more convenient to have a car .
It enable you to go everywhere you want no matter when .
You can also stop caring about how much you taking to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside of your trunk while it is impossible in any other means of transport ,
For those people there is always another option - public transport .
Moreover , travelling by trains , trams or buses produces less exhaust fumes and as a result saves ozone layer .
For this the first think I 'd like to do when I 'll arrive is to visit the country , I want to do this during the first month , every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
After I 'll need to make some money , my parents will give me some but they wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
I need to ask you for some help , you 're the only person I know who lives there , so the only one who can help me .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay , a motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me a contact of a company that is looking for a part - time staff ?
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an abroted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research , and help other people .
Science nowadays developed a lot , and gave the population a lot of possibilities like storing the stem cells and using them to heal the future health problems anyone could have .
All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
The most popular retail stores are located in our famous mall called Leo Center .
There you can find almost anything you want from clothes to electronics and groceries to beauty products and flowers .
Even if you are interested in more than ordinary shopping you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
Depending on your personal interests you should head for different quarters of Leonberg .
If you rather like faster shopping I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable , especially for men .
But , if you are woman and you are lots of money and time you will be always content during the shopping .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices such as microwaves , remote contols for tv , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
But I fortunately did it .
But my new friends from this group were very polite and we worked together , so it was much easier , than I thought at first .
After some time I felt sad , because I realised that I wo n't be albe to see the bend playing at the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entry .
After that we went to the backstage and spent some time with the band .
I hope that next time you will be able to go with me .
In conclusion , sexual harassment may happen anywhere anytime by anyone .
To sum up , I will recommend this place if you want to pass a great time and eat as your last day
It was thinking about this major problem that , the governments from around the world has launched the greatest and ambitious plan .
To start with cars are going to be made by using the high technology at lower cost , therefore affordable to all .
Can you tell me more about the possibilities of taking out a Petpals franchise in my country .
Another thing I would like to know is how much turnover / profit can I expect in the first year ?
Despite this our appearance will change .Our fashion will be more technique .
The family might exist on paper but not in real because each member in the family will be busy and they will just send some masseges from the high technology phones they 'll have at that time .
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic but if we wo n't change our minds imediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
From an overall perspective it is notable a higher amount of illiterate women in all the regions compared with men , who are in some cases the half part of the total of women in each region .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists , visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city , dance Tango , eat traditional meet or visit a beautiful library are some of them .
Furthermore there are many places where tourist can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture from the obelisco porteño .
There are also places where peolpe can buy the typical clothes , dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for man .
Even if you want just go shopping for clothes , there are so many places where you can go , Palermo is known as a little New York for the disigners and well know marks , and technology is set on Recoleta .
First of all , let me tell you there has been a great change in people 's minds .
Maybe , most of us have spent our childhood with our cousins and they were our best friends for ages .
I should talk in the third person because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but a close cousins .
Even , if you look for a good advice , some members of your family could help you from the heart .
That is , in any place suddenly you can find someone who could become in your most close relative .
In this day the students had the oppportunity to hear very interesting things , but not as they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
While many people believe that internet brings a vast amount of problems such as reduction of interaction between people and some bad information resources ; in contrast , I have a strong position that internet brings manyfold benefit than drawbacks .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using internet is that the vast amount of information contended in it .
Simultaneously , some sources contended pornography and violent information which make many people afraid of using internet to search information .
I think , one of the important historical places in Japan is the Kiyomizu temple in Kyoto .
It is well - known with a great beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan and it 's also famous among foreigner .
Also , the temple became a Japanese proverb which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
It means " very scared and nervous " because the temple is very tall and it makes people such a feeling .
Starting with The Blue Palace you can visit some other old buildings .
It wo n't have a swimming pool but it will have a barbecue .
You are invited of course .
Currently I study Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiarized with when it comes to treat kids , such as , patience Charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
It 's nice to hear about you , as soon as you arrived there are some secure options to you .
On the other hand you have the public service called Metrobus , in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
If you love the extreme travels I recommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access of each one of the options )
If I were you I would choose the subway because wearher in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your bored trip .
On the other hand a problem could stem from the lack of incentives to the nationwide educational institutions .
Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any further complications , Brazilian authorities should bear in mind the development of both , national and international programmes .
I think that it is a really good option to achieve experience and for doing different and interesting things , like organise sport activities , and funny activities for children .
But I could n't find the remote control , I could n't switch off the TV and I watched the whole film .
There were a lot of ancient things such as clocks , cars , weapons .
In the evenings we played special games which we usually had not played before yet .
Because I want to improve my language skills I want to go with you on a camp .
To finish the lunch in Italy we eat fruit .
I live in Stocksund with my mom Anna - Karin and in Djursholm with my dad Lukas and my little brother Jonathan .
In my spare time I like to play hockey and be with friends .
I play hockey almost every day and I love it . I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half so I was not as good as everybody else but that did not stop me .
I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half so I was not as good as everybody else but that did not stop me .
I have played a lot of other sports like Karate , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
A lot of my close friends that I went in stocksund skolan and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan but that is a little bit too far away so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
And I think that I am that because I watch a lot of tv - shows on English
Well here , there are some advice or ideas that have worked for me .
The Nazis can be everywhere , " he thought and unlocked the door with a little key .
well since my chillhood I always love weapons , my father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was until I was 15 when I found my real passion , and it was the archery , since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
I just love when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it your are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body , after that , when you shoot the arrow you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target , I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
if I would have the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to do not give up , because this ai nt an easy sport , and that is more mental than physical
To sum up , it is vital that nowadays thinking of our future .
My idol was , is and will always be Justin Bieber .
I remember the first time that I saw his videos , I did n't write his last name correctly and I could n't find him on YouTube .
In 2014 I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they ca n't " come out " because of his managers .
There are a lot of disadvantages of being a star , of witch normal people do n't realised for example not having a private life .
They got so lot compared with unpopular people , that 's why I think it would be unfair , if they have also private life .
They should remember they are lucky devils not like they often think - victim .
To sum up , It is hard to simply claim , that famous people deserve have a private life and being left alone by paparazzi or not .
Everyone from time to time need a moment of peace to relaxed and recover their strength .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed ; it is normal , that always in our lives something would be annoy us .
Famous people have to notice , how much they have , apprecciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster like they often think .
People who have facilities to buy or finance something and looking for convenience , have a great desire to buy a car .
These things makes we think if the public transport has a future , after all to do all the things you need in your routine like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , is more comfortable by car than by bus .
Secondly , it could not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , however people who agreed with the idea point out that high quality and modern public transport such as Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
There are some places in developing countries , for example in remote or highland areas , people have not seen a car for many years , they have no choice except old buses to travel .
Nowadays higher education becomes more and more necessary for starting a good career .
There are some similarities ; however , differences in the educational system cause differences in the attitudes to education .
In general most of employers prefer applicants which achieved an academic degree .
If you want to buy some vegetables for your dinner you will have to wait until the next train arrives at your station .
So in the near future there will be no longer a use for public transport .
After only three years he passed on Benetton formula one team and two years after he won his first driver championship .
After won another title he signed a contract with Ferrari team .
At that point his work become very hard and stressful because at that time Ferrari was n't a very good car in fact that car was only able to go fast in a straight circuits .
Three years later after intense work Michael restarted to put his feet on the podium .
In 2000 he won his third driver championship with Ferrari and also won it consecutively for three years .
In the meantime his mind always thought at Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
To summarize he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the media press because he would like to announce his defenitively
This unfortunately was only an excuse he was only pretending to retired as he already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
These persons usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never in time , or that is difficult to get your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made up short notice trip as can be a car in property .
In my opinion these arguments depend on how efficiently designed is the public transport system , having in count number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
All these benefits surely will contribute to a better future for all the habitants so let 's give a chance to the public transport .
The cars are n't use more because there are many places where you can rent the bicycle and naturally it is free .
During the winter the means of transport is efficient and not very expensive so the people can do n't use their car .
The text discusses about some kinds of Asian Bamboo that have a unique form of flowering and seeding cycle , these cycles just happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that at the present this phenomenon is a problem because this bamboo is the main source of food to the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
the Giant Panda is an endangered specie , the pandas have to survive to the hunters and the destruction of him habitat by the humans .
Besides , when the bamboos flowering and seeding they die , so until the new bamboos grow enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
I hope you will consider my application , and look forward to hearing from you .
Now Italy has quite problem with the occupation , it 's very difficult to find a job and the most people find a job in supermarkets .
IT was a good experience , the hotel has every comfort you can imagine : a reastaurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimmingpool , a beauty center and a church .
The personal were n't so much helpful , but someone luckily gave me some advice , especially the porter Artan .
" I am thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I injured , I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that this year will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition of Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th of 1974 , took a break in his career because an injury in his right leg in 2011 and after that , he returned in 2013 with the purpose of win the World Cup of Barcelona and the World Cup of FINA .
" I was 40 years three weeks ago , I feel motivated to train , while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I have no an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from height .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I had before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel at the 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February , 2015 as the date to return .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be between the top five spots of the season .
One may ask why among all those possible activities , this one was chosen .
Of course I do not count running indoors , but only outdoors , while the breeze is blowing in one 's face during the exercise .
Do they like it or not .
So if someone ever is woundering start practising this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
We are people and all of us must have private life including celebrities .
On the other hand famous politicians and film stars have chosen such life .
Finally if you want to find a job for three months Barcelona is a good option to stay .
Hope that you follow my ideas and you like Spain
Many leaders believe that money is the best , however , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivate employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
One night , I was talking with my sister about her last trip around Europe , her best friend , Michael , also was there .
Outside was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but nevertheless we continue walking through the trees when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael , when we went out , he was in front of the house , doing strange sounds , when he saw us , smile to us in a malevolent way , then made us to back inside .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion to the opponent team .
On the other hand if he chooses to play professionally then he must try hard .
Regular exercising is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance
The restaurant has a characteristic decoration indeed because you seem to be inside a train .
In fact , there are always plenty of people every day so I recommend ordering at least one week before going .
I really think it is suitable for the class because each one of us could know in advance how would pay to eat there and besides this could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
Without shadow of doubt I am absolutely sure this could be the best option for our class .
I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' I change my point of view .
If you haven't seen it yet , after reading this short text you 'll go to the cinema if you only have a chance .
To work abroad can offer you a good opportunity , maybe it would never happens in your own country , instead .
For example , if you go to work to England you can see off the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
Hi ! My name is Ester , I was born in Danderyd and
I have got one sister , she is 15 years old and her name is Tina , she is also going in Fribergaskolan .
I also have a little rabbit which is named Frippe , he is so cute and cuddly .
to my " carer horse " , it 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is Saturdays .
My carer horse is named Wiggins but he 's called Viggo .
When I was eight years old I visited Thailand , it was wonderful and we lived at a hotel so close to the beach , I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
One of the islands was a cave you had to swam into it , it was very beautiful .
When we were in Thailand we saw many different animals , everything from big leguans to rainbow fishes and deadly sea - snakes .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister are going to Switzerland to go skiing in the alps , it 's wonderful and really fun .
We have never seen a marmot but I so want to .
We have also went to Verbier , I loved the cabin we slept in there .
Three words that describe me best is perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist ?
I like food , especially Italian food , It is my favorite food to eat .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is of course Italian , I have actually been in Italy twice , in Rome and Florence and in a small town named Lucignano in the countryside .
I like to read too , my favorite type of books is horse books or just random books its hard to explain but I mean , books with daily action not sciene - fiction or romantic .
Some of the books I like is named only way is up and steal the show and is written by Emmy Abrahamson , I think she is a very well author , another author I like is John Boyne who has written the terrible thing that happened to Barnaby brocket .
Right now I read a book called " the maze runner " it is very exciting .
When I grow up I want to be a vet , it 's a dream come true for me , I hope I will go to other countries like Australia and job there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been blood scared or something like that and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
I love to design presentations and edit things at the computer but also in real life like my room , clip - art and more .
Parkour is a discipline in which its main proporse is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and faster way without causing no harm to your body .
One of the faundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method created by Georges Hébert .
David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment and then the actual Parkour was born .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosofical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a frase Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that in a dangerous situation you will be able to save yourself and other people and so on .
Nowadays our society has become very lazy due to the use of the car or the motorbike .
The consequence of this is that in the near future the public transport will disappear .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport because of this most of the families have more than one in their houses .
When visiting Copenhagen during summer time there is a huge variety of shops and restaurants that will give you a sense of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes , there is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
If you get tired of wondering the streets then you can always enter the big shopping store Magasin for more indoor shopping .
When you are tired of shopping take the bus to the West Side of Copenhagen where there is a vast choice of restaurants , everything from Italian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
Fashion , a popular topic .
The others answered on this with the question : ' When does a company starts making something , just because they want something to do ? '
Next question we talked about the following question:'Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion , they all directly said ' Yes ' .
There is immense group of girls who really want to be a model , caused by the fact that they do n't fit in this clothing yet they have to lose weight .
Much girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' and got anorexia and those things .
In their opinion young people , also themselves , were very busy with fashion and clothes .
An example on which they all agreed was:'In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose next to who you had to sit the most people were going to sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
The next question was:'Does it make society materialistic and competitive ?
They all said it kind of did affect however they also bought clothes they liked .
Furthermore , Government are enhancing the public transportation by services they are providing with lower cost . the fair for raid in public transportation are more less than the cost of driving the car at the same distance .
Besides , we have to watch if the band have everything that they need : something to eat and to drink , I was responsible for it .
From there we went to the mall and for last to Juanca 's house .
Saturday I helped a friend with his party and made 64 dollars .
Sunday I went to the mall with the same people .
The group is named Hogwarts
From Monday till Friday I was in .
Boquete where I did nothing and Saturday I came back .
That night I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in the morning .
The last day I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
I did not do much
The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time but when I was with my family y got bored .
Of course after that I never thought that I ever had the chance .
But once one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was to be ok .
And since then it 's the most pain .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays but a lot of people would be surprised to find real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of the country .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all important events of Eastern Europe history , from Tatar invasions till the World War II which was a real disaster .
The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve or Zoo makes it very attractive to tourist visitors .
These include facilities like ample vehicle parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls in the case of carrying very heavy loads of purchases and relaxation spots like Cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space for their customers to move around without getting any clustering of people ; as this is a statutory requirement to building a shopping mall .
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you with respect to my opinion about the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities that abounds as you take your time in considering visiting them .
It is however well known after a plethora of scientific publications that cars harm the environment dramatically .
Do n't be afraid not to recognise me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but for your confidence I will be with a bright orange suitcase .
I 'm waiting for meeting with your family and in this case that we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
I am doubtless it is an easy task : here you can visit many entertaining facilities , where you can find technology or culture , for example , and there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
Talking about money probably car is more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary to the maintenance of the car .
So people prefer travelling with their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
Fame is a choice of many people , it was their dream .
Many of them have got family members , who do n't want to have anything in common with fame .
Usually journalists also following them all the time .
Sometimes happens , that journalists write some silly gosspis about famous people , which are not true .
They want to be rich and famous and they know , that journalist will be follow them .
Altought it does n't mean , that press should write about privacy .
It 's important to know what it 's happening in the world because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
Besides you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if many severe situations are being occurred in your country .
So , for that reason I think television can entertain and also educate .
Watching TV can be funny and nice but watching it in excess can be bad and not healthy for your life .
After I receive more and more information about some successful engineer and inventor such as Steve Jobs , I realize that no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
Besides it gave me a motion to train harder and never have a thinking of giving up that I need to keep my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
School work and examinations gave me huge pressure so I found a way to strike a balance that I learnt playing windsurfing .
On that day I found something wrong with my position on the result board . I was shocked and decided protest for the wrongdoings of the race committee .
Also I got trained my body and become more healthy .
Also I have learnt the communication skills with others and be considerate .
Therefore I reckon my experience can trained me to be admitted as a suitable candidate of engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people which is deserved to stay in secret for other people .
And for some people it does n't really matter if it was found out that someone was in a bar for example as long as their films are really worth watching .
In school my first language was English .
I have two kids they go to school , I would like to join English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
I look forward to hearning from you very soon , if you have any question you can mail or contact me .
It is a fact that the public is getting worse year by year specially here in Peru , however we have to think about the benefits that public transport has , for instance it can be a cost - effective way to get to work , so there will be no space for public transport in the future ?
It 's known that over the years the system have improved and new means of transport have been offered such as trains and trolleys all of them with just one objective to transport a mass of people at a quick time .
On the other hand the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves have gone up over the last few years and one of the main reasons they have it because of the comfort , also they claim that they can get their work faster than public transport .
The strange girl who was sitting next to him was listening to music and looking outside trying to ignore the details that Michael was sharing with his parents .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered chips but he denied .
After some time the bus stopped for 5 min and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a soft drink and offered her a chocolate .
This is how they start their conversation and while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they know each other for a long time ... they got attracted towards each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning so Michael offered her to drop at home and the girl agreed with a smile .
At that time they felt not like parting but they have to and Michael dropped her home and returned back to his own home .
Dear Sir :
First of all , my name is Lorena and I have twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I can improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good due to all this year I have been in English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate ; and just like that I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 , besides my partner and I prepared water activities when the weather was good , against ; when the weather was bad we prepared puzzles games , adventure games , etc .
The advertisement talks about work in the kitchens ; our summer camp was little because it was in a small town so we had to cook children food and I could do it without problems .
Yours faithfully .
It was the Seventh day Adventist church which the ritual was to worship on Saturday .
Some years ago people believed that private cars would be the main vehicle to move around but nowadays , due to economic crisis , most of the people have changed their minds ; they believe that public transport would be the main way to move around in the future for many reasons .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars ; if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot car accidents due to drivers are drunk .
I strongly believe that in the near future public transport will be the main vehicle to travel around the world , safe and cheap .
Michael had just woken up , he felt a Little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchen for fresh water .
As he could n't sleep anymore he dressed up and brought his brother to the park .
His mother would be probably working , she was a realtor and would be selling a house .
While they were walking back home they heard a journalist commenting what incident have happened to the park .
Jackson stopped walking and get distracted by a beautiful dog , Michael continued on his way unaware Jackson was n't following him .
And wanted to share them with jack but ...
However , they must be controlled and especially by their parents .
The internet has caused me depression once , I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in the real life , but I learned how to deal with it .
I am afraid more people pass through for the same thing
Some people love shopping and some people can not live without shopping .
Sportswear , elegant clothes and of course accessories .
Finally people can experiment the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which are really crowded from 19 till late .
Jack Pollard a street fighter known as Crazy dog lives downtown LA .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a privacy alley he sees a shadow which gradually comes to him .
At first he does n't care but suddenly sees it in front , an owner - less shadow .
He turns his head around to find the source of shadow but ca n't find anything so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
Hey if it 's a kidding , stop it , it 's not funny .
He realizes crazy dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year but his body was not found .
Suddenly he hears a weak voice whispering ; do not try to stop the shadow , let it kill the criminals or you 'll die .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage quickly brushes aside it and observes a hole in the ground .
He goes inside it and discovers a half decayed body that was compatible with Mendez identities .
I think since this idea is creative people will like to watch it .
She knew what does that it meant , Jason was alive .
She loves him and any World War was able to separe them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming , it was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor just like Jasons ' father .
Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer for Jason , as fast as she could because the postman was leaving in one hour .
She was so excited and happy , she did n't kwen what could she write for her lover , she noticed that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me his name will be Taylor as your fathers ' name , I have always loved you and I always will , do your best , come back as soon as you can because I need you , love Alison ' .
She could n't stop smiling because she had just noticed that she would n't be alone anymore
Moreover , from time to time they prefer to leave house without make up and beautiful clothes .
Wahat is more , I am sure , that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is the famuos .
And celebrities well know that they have to be controversial cause that is the best way to achieve their lovely famous .
So big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make ups to show themselves to cause some juicy gossip about them to gain famous in the easiest way .
Although I 'm Italian native speaking , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia so I can communicate quite well in your language .
They may hurt these people , they may ruined their life just using a bad word .
And also it must be really uncomfortable for friends or family who go with you .
Of course some of famous people might like this feeling that they are so likely and favourite and they , who do n't like it they have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalist following them do n't exist .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking private cars in a new much more save and ecological way .
Moreover , large crowded cities using underground or bus are usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress of sad drivers during commutations .
However , that is really close to change by Google 's Self - Drive Car which is a new technology able to drive our car to any destination without humane intervention .
My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with Pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and at the same time it is sour .
I want a kitten but my mom is allergic so we ca n't have one .
I have a brother named Markus who wants to be a professional tennis player when he gets older , he is 17 years old .
My mom 's name is Katarina and she likes to sing , she turns 50 this year .
My dad 's name Björn and he likes Tang So Do and to swim , he is 52 years old .
we did n't seen for a while so you do n't know much about me lately .
Seems simple but looks beautiful , sometimes the simplicity is the most perfect accessorise .
Nowadays people care more about themeselves and making good things for some of them is wrong !
I 'm sad when I see a nursing house but you know , there , people will never talk whether they do bad or good and in the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
Firstly you have to decide if you want to visit the North or the South part of Itlay because if you do a full immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you visit neither a half of all you have to visit .
If you decide to visit the North part I think is good if you start from Trento and his new museum about nature called Muse .
It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( and so you can start from the last floor and then you go down visiting other floors ) .
Then you must visit Venice the city on the water where every part of the city is a little treasure .
If you like the Egyptian story you can go to Tourin where you can find a huge and beautiful museum about Ancient Egypt .
If you want to visit the South part of Italy you must start your trip from Florence , the bithplace of the culture , then you must go down to Rome the capital city of my country .
After that you have seen the Coliseum , the Basilic of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain and so on you must visit Naples .
In that wonderful city you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made by marble and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really particular like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
If you are a little bit tired of all this trip you can go to Sicily where a beautiful and special landscape can welcome you .
The idea to find a job that lasts thre month is great ..
In that way you colud improve your way to make a relationship with people and also it could be a great help for your theatrical experience .
Honestly I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from it to let other people know about your talent .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care would be increasingly important with people getting older , hence enough amount of money as a stable income could not be disregard .
Especially in our hectic world it is very important to find to yourself and just listen to your body .
As a martial artist you start to get a great fitness and your balance will improve a lot as well as your flexibility .
Many characteristics will increase immensely such as confidence , self - defense or responsibility .
However to see any improvements you should attend regularly and at least twice a week .
Due to my experience as a teacher I am sure that I could have any difficulty in organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
As well as , take part in activities about cookering .
In addition to this , I bear in mind to improve my English through my work and of this way be able to teach the children some basic skill about this universal language .
In my opinion if you want to meet people of our age I suggest going to the most famous local or places of the city .
Although the weather can change more easily , so you should bring different kinds of clothes both heavy and light .
At night , the noise was annoiying , I was not able to rest properly .
In addition the elvetor was out of order .
It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion this is a deceit .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer my apologies and a compensation for all the disturbance caused to me I would go to the main authority .
When I was about three years old we moved here , to Danderyd .
I lived in a yellow house , not far away from where I live now ( probably just five minutes ) until a year ago when we moved to a much bigger house .
I live here with my wonderful family based on my mum Aylin , my dad Tom , my two really annoying brothers Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats Tiger and Smilla .
I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every day together with my friends Tekla , Julia and Bianca .
On Monday and Thursday I dance at a dance - school here , close to " Mörby Centrum " , called C - style .
Right now I 'm actually in a riding course every Sunday .
I really like Spain , we have been there like six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the luck to be able to join him .
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at Östermalm called : " New Peeking " it 's an Asian buffé and they make the best food .
My favorite book is right now : " The fault in our stars " because its a really good subject and it is sad but great story .
On the holidays and after school I 'm often with my friends and family .
I got one own camera , it 's a Canon .
I wanted to go out to her so I open the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
Suddenly a powerful wind make the door blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .
My fingers were almost cut so my dad wrapped my fingers in bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
They had to sew my finger but in the end everything went fine .
Three words who describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyal friend
In camden every block counts with three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
The council recollects , once a week , door to door paper and organic waste .
For these reasons I consider that could be a good option doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in .
In my case I really like doing spinning , I use to do it only twice per week but now I do that every time I can .
I think that in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when you was approximately 1 hour over your bike you 'll probably feel taired .
During the process people works a lot their legs , mixing different positions and speeds , And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
If you want to lose weight this type of sport is perfect because it belong into the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food whereas it is suitable to people that only just doing exercise to entertainment .
Furthermore from the first time that I was in the gym I have known nice and friendly sportsman who try to give me advice not only how improve my techniques but how avoid injury .
On the the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose , if they want to go or not .
They finish school at the age of 23 - 24 including a further study without a chance of work or anything else .
Now shopping became one of the best way to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone like it .
For the most of men shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for the women it can be the best way to make better their mood , because they are so happy when they buy many clothes on sale , cheaper than in regular price .
Personally I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like look good .
So for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I try on new clothes , which suit to me .
Nowadays the technology and the society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than years before .
First of all could be said that the society is spending more time doing relaxing things such as going to the beach or meet friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people is becoming lazier .
In other words could be said that if we have more free time our lifes would become better because we can enjoy with friends and do thigs with our family .
Frome my point of view , having free time is perfect because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would icrease
I 've never been to London and what 's more I 'm scared of big cities , therefore I 'll literally stick to you wherever we 'll go !
I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visit once I got there , for example Piccadilly Circus .
If you manage to organize it beforehand I 'll have the time to prepare all soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
When I was 17 I moved to Kyiv .
A few years ago I worked as literal editor .
First of all I get less than 100 dollars for my work .
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some support that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable , however , from where I am stand , joining a sports team is the undoubtedly the best choice .
For example , the champions of Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia , the two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
They became to know each other because they both joined the same sports team , and then after exercised and played together ; they finally become two enviable friends .
In my opinion he 's a hero of our times .
In my opinion we need to thank people like him .
I am writing to you , because I 've heard that you 're planning a trip to our city - Katowice .
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit to only one I chose the centre of the city .
First of all , I have to show you our theatre and if you want to , we can go on an art .
In this theatre perform fantastic actors and I would like you to see their best play which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
Besides btilliant actors they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated , that is very near to the bus stop .
I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre , there you can entertain and learn something about our city .
Some do not like but it is a personal business .
Finally I a master in the kitchen I really enjoy made desserts and I was in a course of cook the last summer in fact I have experience in the kitchen .
As I mentioned above I have experience in camps , I speak English so I just want an opportunity for show you .
And I know my abilities with kids , I am patient , confident and organize people .
Perhaps most important , I offer a history of proven results so I am suitable for the job .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home which takes about 10 mintues to go on foot and i have 2 days off a week that gives me opportunity to challenge a new job .
I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and i am looking forward to hearing from you soon
We also made brilliant mini statues of a type of dinosaur , I did the T - Rex and my mate assembled a Raptor .
My name is Claudia , I 'm born in Sweden .
my parents names are Jan - Erik and Jessika , I have one older sister and one older brother , they are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde , I have two dogs Ebba and Leia . old .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listening to music , my favorite music type is rock and of course my favorite band is Green Day and of course then my favorite song is stray hearts(Green Day ) .
I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins and Peter Pan , but I ca n't see dog movies because if there 's something sad like the dog dies then I will cry .
My favorite books are of course all the twilight books(I ca n't choose one :3 )
If I do n't do that then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT FOR LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
If you want to enter to the hall of honor or enter to the monument it 's free but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ argentines .
Obviously because in every story , book or movie , despite heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
For example , in Terminator 's movies villain was always stronger and more equipped than hero , but at the end of the movie the righteous wins the battle .
Before they start school they have to finish preschool .
Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 years old , and after that they start preschool .
So if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school at 6 years and few months or 7 years and few months .
Kortrijk is a small town , located in the northern part of Belgium .
Kortrijk is nearby the French border about 15 minutes by car .
You can choose between several types of food such as Japanese , Italian , French and many other food .
Of course you can eat the typically Belgian dish mussels with French fries .
The last few years a lot of building has been done in the area .
We had a number of problems ; the first one is concerning the number of beds : You offered space to sleep for six persons so we excepted six bed , but we only had five .
So , two of us had to share one bed , which is hardly acceptable
The other problems is about the offered excursions : You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain as well as the visit of a historic castle ) were not available .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with nutrition : In your brochure it was told that we will have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
To sum it up : We were not very pleased with our holiday as we could not enjoy some of the things you promised to us in the brochure .
Anna Olsen and family .
It requires a rich imagination to try to put a view of the future , first of all the means of transport will change , depend mainly on the solar energy or the nuclear energy , a flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work , you will need to supply your car with spinache after they invent a spinache - using car .
Also the food will change in the future , capsules of your favourite foods will be available at the future in the mobile supermarkets , these capsules turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on it .
In the future water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime everyday to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water , but the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
Of course I think that we should n't watch too much television .
On the background you can see the river Amur .
On the left you can see people on an observation area .
Afterwards we went for a walk .
When we were schoolgerls we used to spend all our free time together .
Lots of modern messenger like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk , chart as much , as we want .
I am available in summer whenever and wherever .
I have qualification in children , I am a teacher graduate by University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience in adventure sports , I like the country and mountain .
I have experience with children between aged 10 and 12 , I have worked in the South school Centre for two years .
I speak English very good , because my mother is from UK and my father is from Canada , although we lived in Spain in our home always spoke in English .
I do not have experience to work in the kitchens , but a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework myself and meals .
After so much time at school some people think they need a break .
However it could be a great time to work and earn some money for paying university or simply for saving it .
On the other hand , maybe if we have a break until university the routine of working and studing every day could break .
So when univerity starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and as a consecuences the marks will be lower .
The year off should be taken after university studies
By the same token , a sole method could not solve the traffic problems as driving offences are not the only reason that cause traffic accidents .
People should be educated carefully about all the safety regulations and laws when they get driving licence , the more they know the rules , the less risks are taken on road .
In addition , cars require regular maintenance such as oil change and checking tire pressures .
In conclusion , cars are convenient , however , it is not for everyone use .
For many of children participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with the coevals and to feel fully - fledged members of the society .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time in addition they are daily payable .
That marvelous tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences upon the modern society .
Last week one friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and that she thought it was a magic place .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe , comfortable chairs and sofas , beatiful features and a really good - taste coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think in .
At my age is very important to keep fit so I ride twice a week .
When I came back from my job , in the afternoon , I wear something comfortable , take my bike and go away over the street alone with my thoughts and no one could disturb me .
Whenever I go out with my bike I stay on the way for two hours and I enjoy so much this time for myself that I 'll remain outside for ever .
For everyone who would like to start this sport is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you 'll stay out and never give up .
They have never met his grandparents because her mom had a fight long time with them even before they both where born , that it caused not to know more about each other .
Then both kids realize that something is going wrong with them .
because sometimes they start acting really weird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to them , then both kids understand that his grandparents are hiding a really big secret .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you , the movie reveals many things as it continues it 's actually so good and for those that are scared about thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
Therefore , the next day she brought me back to the store , we found out that they did not have the same scruff because it is the only one .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff but this is the fun part that shop in small stores , you can always find something unique .
Second , it is true that shop in a shopping center is fast and convenient because one can buy all types of things together .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in a small stores because it is more likely to find the one and the only product while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
On the other hand , there is some channels , which show documentaries and programmes about specific subjects like science , math or history .
And there are musical channels too .
Once again please accept my compliments on a job well done I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward toa n even more successful event next year .
According to Russell and Norwing robots are especial machines that have intelligence to executed activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
Negative impacts such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of environment can be cited .
As we know , in all cities a lot of cars are used every day unnecessarily .
If you want to go to the beach , I 'll tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches because there are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
In pantanal the weather ir hot and wet , and we can drive into the river deeper in the wood and see the wild animals like the alligators .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese no one of those languagues are so popular as English is .
Over 1 billion people around the world speak English as a second language because of that it is considered the universal language .
Even though , study a language become easier because of the internet , fluency is harder to get when you study by yourself .
But the daily duties , which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her the strong will to fait .
I am not as patient as a teacher has to be with all his students although only some of them are naughty .
Many of my friends are teachers , they like their job despite the fact that they often have to deal with lively children or lazy students and heavy parents .
First , it is necessary for my job ; second it is my hobby .
My pronunciation is not always correct , as a result I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Also I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen , I have been cooking for a large amount of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
I will committed myself to do the best to make your summer camp one of the best
But it is changed recently , I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive by myself .
Also travelling , of course , that 's a big part of the function of the car !
The very well developed highways , roads , city streets provide a good foundation for the cars , look at the North America , the highways were developed anywhere , it 's really your own lose if you do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
Second , Human start to learn driving at the age of 16 , and they can master the driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) , soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still drive to their destinations as they got used to it .
Third , The public transportation sucks , when you think about it , you can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hussults between the public transportation transfer in your mind .
And driving your own car can be very convenient too , it can right come to your own garage .
All in all , Public transport is not as fast as a car can be ; it 's not as convenient as a car can provide , so it 's future is in doubt .
Life is full of good things why do n't we look to the full side of the cup instead of looking at the empty one ?
All of this will affect your life badly , maybe you will lose your job or your health will not be good anymore .
Look around you , crimes and death are srounding us , all this people are dreaming to live a peaceful life without all the aspects of killing and sadness .
For that reason I beleive that being safe is absloutly better than sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that the life will go on and oneday all of us will be satsfied with this life .
If I could change places for 24 hours with a famous person , I would like to be Paula Echevarria
I start telling something about Paula Echevarria , she is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 years old and she is married with David Bustamente who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain , they have a daughTer , her name is Daniela and they are like a perfect family .
I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and she has the perfect husband but above all I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and she is always smiling .
Therefore she has everything good aobut being a celebrity but the most important is that she is a great person .
Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day because Not only is she a good professional but also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds , this hobby is very pleasant to me and also for many people , especially when you have different kind of singing birds like canary or finches … .
At present , I have three kinds of birds , one of them is yellow canary , the second one is finch , and the third one is combination of two kinds of birds , Each bird has his own special voice .
I 've started this hobby since 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of the singing birds , I spent one day in the week to take care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , change the water .
I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it give us the sense of nature , and fills the house with the joy and happiness .
In this case there will be a huge chaos .
Trafic jam will cost a lot , such as pollution which certainly cause more health problems and will make expense not only for us but for the others as well .
On the other hand , by increasing the population we should revise the regulation with the fast pace of technology .
So for sure we will use public transport but maybe with some changes .
Except from that I am getting well with children and have no problems to work in the kitchens to .
On the other hand , living abroad you 'll need to speak English all the time and you 'll have the opportunity to learn English in a short time , and in a not boring way .
So probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
In order to improve the time you spend on it we will recommend you to star in one of ours malls where you can find at your disposal several facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
First of all , coming to a mall will help you to deal with them , also , we have to rate positively the wide range of services you can find here : restaurants , coffee shops and some free areas to spare .
For all of you who have kids you will also be interested in the different areas which take care of them for free as much time as you need .
I would strongly recommend this at the nap time to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
In conclusion , you will save , time , money and a foot ache so accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of the time of the city .
I am going to write about a short story that I have read from the book : And all for love .
twenty - five years later he regrets his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
I chose this story because even though this novel was written in the early twentieth century , the underlying theme , is still current today .
This group had a leader called Mario Casas starring Antonio Banderas .
However the first 17 days in the movie could turn a bit tedious because the director focused in every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
After that lapse the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment for rescue them started .
Even though shopping can make bad affect on our health especially we can feel tired or exhausted in the end of hard day .
At the same time there are one more opinion that shopping is always enjoyable .
People declare that shopping can make our mood better what in consequence will make as fun .
As for me I do n't agree with these people .
Quite often in the shopping centre is not enough air and as the result you can get a headache or just feel bored .
In conclusion I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and it 's not surprise because we are all different .
For this reason the most people have Internet at home .
Nowadays it is very frequent to meet new person coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
But to learn new cultures we must know their languages , especially if we want to travel .
Due to globalization there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career chances and achieve top level positions .
In my opinion it is very important to speak several languages not only for above reasons but also to train brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not ?
Unfortunately it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adult so it is extremely important to teach and to study them since kindergarten age .
The doorbell rang insistetly , It was Saturday , in the earlier morning and I still was in bed .
The last low sound of the doorbell finished to wake me up."I am not dreaming " I thought , ¿ Who is ringing at this time?Then I jumped out of the bed and went down fast the upstairs .
First I asked " ¿ Who is ringing so early?¿What 's happen?Suddenly , a family voice shouted me throughout the door .
You do n't think opening the door at your little brother¡Oh brother!I shouted and I ran to open de door .
What are you doing here ?
What amazing surprise!I was very emocional and was about to cry .
But You were in Ireland , What are you doing here?I wo n't expect you .
I would want to do a surprise sister!I miss you .
It is sometimes very hard for me .
Oh I miss you too and I was looking forward to you .
I hope you are a lot of time now with me .
I'm on holiday school .
Although , it plays a freat role in removing the borders on nations , in a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just talking to a friend .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people such us with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , emails websits such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
I think it is a bohemian trip too because the train use to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in the literacy .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planes because the media use to show plane accidents more often .
The ball , usually is hit with hands and arms , but also with any part of body .
Nowadays they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence , they begin to have lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
I 'm going to write about the obesity , a lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this cause effects in their health .
I went to a workshop about the light controlled synthesizer .
To get to the place they were holding the workshop in you had to come to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
On the way there everyone who participated in the workshop stopped to buy some snacks .
When we reached the workshop the kids and I were told to put on protective glasses and given booklets with the instructions .
At first I was quite confused but then one of the instructors came and helped me out .
After that we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts together .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emitts a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light the synthesizer 's pitch raises .
In my first placement I had to deal with lots of cases relating to violation of children rights .
I worked voluntarily for some cases about Juvenile justice like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were under custody , custodial death etc . )
I my second placement I had to perform lots of administrative work including typing .
The lecturer argues that as a biologist she used to see animals suffering without appropriate amount of anesthesia .
Finally , the article says that the use of hydrogen is highly economic , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion powered cars .
The professor says that the claims in untrue , because the material , from which the cells are produced , is very expensive .
She explains platinum is very hard to find and without this metal it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of books therefore I have a quiet life .
As a result I spent the time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
The day of the concert I was so nervous that I could n't stop walking .
At the end of the play , everybody applauded , never felt I so well .
He was murder in 1968 , in Menphys , he was 39 years old .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the ancient town as it has a medieval charming which involves visitors in that moment of the time .
Overall , the majority of the tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and besides it is very enjoyable to taste a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around to see the main clothes shops situated in the main street before to go to the heritage town .
As you know , Moscow is the capital of the Russian Federation , it 's a very fast , energetic city with lots of things to do and to see .
Nowadays artists of the Theater try to keep that old school and develop their mastery .
In addition , few years ago the Big Theater was restored and had gained it 's original appearance .
There is no necessity to describe all sightseeing in Moscow , you easily can find it in the Internet , I just want to say that I 'm sure , you 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow you can visit town of the Gold Ring .
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band concert , it was really fun , the whole band line up played about an hour and a half , it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
People were really excited about the show they just has three attire changes but the show was amazing , the lights and the sound was fantastic .
I could n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it , it was the best experience ever , I wish you could be there to see that .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST METHOD OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION SO WE WILL TAKE A WALK UNTIL MY HOME .
ABOUT THE WEATHER I CAN SAY THAT NOW IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HILLS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
The student had a great deal of assighment and projects , so he spent more time to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a computer to search latest information .
Therefore , not only did he get high score in the reports that absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry , but reduce the study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
I had a similar experience .
when I studied in the university , I sit in the classes hour by hour in a day .
When I finished classes , I would like to access the health center not only to do exercises , but I could maintain healthy .
University , I also have a lot of assighments , so I like to go to libabry to study where is more quietly , spacious and internet accessible .
It is a great life stage but at the same time is difficult , sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves , as a result they do n't know whah to choose .
Many times when people leave high school and they go to University , they realised after several months that the career they had chosen it is not for them .
In the other hand when teenagers take a year off is helpful for them to become mature .
When students enter University after they have taken a year off fewer people leave the career after several months because they know themselves better .
My grammar and writing are good but as I 've said early my pronunciation is awful .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and an one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday and besides I 'd like to learning in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
Twenty years ago , no one would think of the inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become the necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people just got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
Take genetic engineering as an example , on the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more corps and meats , on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways in producing more corps and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedent increase in human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
My name is Stelios I am a 15 year old kid and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS.I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
As a result , I could be very helpful in oranising sports and activities but I could also provide assistance in other places including kitchen .
To conclude I believe that I am ideal for the job and I would love to work with the USA SUMMER CAMPS so the kids who go there can have their best summer holiday .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest by a critical perspective but while shooting the film , appear some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into a chaos and then film starting to give some social , politic messages .
The private companies try to keep public 's all water which is vital to live , rain is in danger ; Even the rain …
If the government provide good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines then people would rather to use public transport than travelling by car .
Now a days worlds are facing the big issues like climate change and carbon emission .
Many times because of huge traffic congestion on road we waste our time . while using public transport like Metro save our times .
There are many city in world , planning to car free days and promote to use of public transport .
In this fast - moving world , shopping is the one of the most important things but I strongly believed it is not always enjoyable .
In my opinion there is the reason that shopping is not always enjoyable and full of pleasure .
There are such an interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would have never expected or unsurprisingly , missinformation .
In my experience , being under the screen of a personal computer will you be able to show and exchange ideas or opinions easily as if you have to do in front of someone else .
However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
To give an example , I usually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , new seasons and when they will be ready to watch them again .
If they give us reliable information or not , it usually depends on the source .
To clarify what the situation is , it is truth that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites but the fact is writing or reading in a blog could give to people a practical way to communicate and share preferencies , beliefs or thoughts , however , more or less reliable .
Finally Peter ran to the car and went to pick Jon up .
Two hours later they were in the room of urgency of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were curing Jon ' leg .
take part in it . I could help you with teaching math together with computer programming
Currently I am working as a python programmer .
Nowadays I am living in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
There , I studied Geology , when I finished my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in order to improve my English and travel around Scotland .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
I often try to play with the children interesting games , I think the games are a funny way to teach interesting things both children and older people , that is why I invent new methods to introduce the science in the children 's lives .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " , with this game I showed them what is the chemistry , we cough a " Coke " and " Mentos " sweets then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught what happens when you mixed two substances .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like the Nature , I could teach them a lot of things about the Geology , a camp is perfect to introduce at the boys and girls in the stones and minerals .
my name is Filip Jönsson , I 'm 13 years old .
I have a sister whose name is Andrea Jönsson , she 's 16 years old .
My parents are divorced ,
Bonti is very old she is 13 and she are feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive so much more .
We all have things in common like driving scooter .
I have moved a lot in my life , as I said before that my parents are divorced and because of that I have moved a lot .
On our hotel there was like a water park , it was enormous .
We all liked it so much so we are thinking going back there sometime .
there was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . and one day my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
After a week we went home .
My favorite book is the hungergames .
When I got it I read it five hours in a row .
But if you haven't read it I suggest you to read it .
My favorite tv series is called Lost .
It 's does actually reminding me of my favorite video game , which is called Minecraft you must have heard about it .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places , and attending open air activities people also want to see museums of the city they visited .
Observing these items you can get idea about the old times of the visiting place .
For instance art museums include art collections such as paintings from many different artists .
Beside historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be source of fun including attractive activities .
If you bored to see classic museums you can go to thematic museums such as natural history museum .
In addition to having lots of information we also can have fun to see interesting things in the museums such as huge dinasours . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you travel .
Increasingly people prefer to use public transport rather than to drive a car for these reasons .
The last decades there has been an massive change been in our lives , this is caused by the development of internet .
In these days a lot of student are using the internet as a study tool .
The positive effect is that it is possible to be in contact with your friends and family whenever wherever .
Also it gives the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
In fact when i was sixteen years old i begun to go to the stadium with my friends every sunday .
Every day in my town people speak only about football becouse it could give you a lot of emotions .
In the morning everyone goes to their job by car but I think that the real reason to do this is that we need to do a lot of things durind the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason , it 's only a bad habit and maybe we could be changed it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking the bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and also I need my car to pick up my daughter from the school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
In my opinion tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individually sport , because in these kind of game everything depends from you .
In others sports no .
For example during a foorball match if you wrong is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy , evin if ypu do nothing .
If you want start playing this sport remember that when you are playing every points are important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning with a very big advantage because in a few minutes you could lose the match .
For many years we , pupils , have been waiting for library .
For this purpose we need a quiet place to learn .
Moreover pupils demand is the possibility to borrow books .
Besides issues that have been already mentioned there is also undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we , pupils , expect a positive consideration to our request .
But how will change the people 's life in 50 years ? .
First of all , as we said before the people 's lives have changed due two important elements which are the technological improvements and society changes .
The first one it is very obvious because every day the researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new invents and improve the old ones .
For example , one of the most important devices that has taken an important role in our lives is the mobile phone which has changed extremely fast over the last ten years .
Another example is the cars which are taking the same way as well as the mobile phone has done .
The second one is very important too because society has changed a lot as well as the people 's mind .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that has helped to change the people 's lives such as political decisions , global wars and global economical problems , etc .
The most interesting is the art gallery Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centrr .
What 's more , in the middle of the biulding there is a small library where people used to buy the newest books and papers .
In my opinion art gallery Oko Miasta would be the best place You can visit with your group .
In order to score you should push a small white plastic ball inside the goal using a stick .
In my opinion grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requieres you to be really focused on to hit the ball correctly .
Besides , when you practise it you must move all your body , because you have to run and guide the ball through the field .
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you I recommend you to buy a pair or good grass boots .
And do n't worry if you are not able with sports that involve using a tool you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
My sister should definitely close her windows , I am going out of this house , I should leave this cat here and let it ruin her things " .
The vacatios starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend creating an experience you will never forget .
When the plane arrives at the airport of Miami you can appreciate the beautiful viwe that thid place offers .
Secondly , The entrance of Disney is incredible and colorful , it also has the main characters in it .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bord , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable moment in the roller coasters
For the sake of that the public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
For the above reasons I suspect that the share of public transport do n't decrease rather increase in the future .
For example car sharing could increase in the city .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film I would say , the comedian and the action ones are the most appealing to me if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
Recently I saw some pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that caught my attention since the first minute .
Honestly , they lasted for 3 hours but the most impressive of all this is that they were able to create a single world between me and the screen for all that time .
All I expect in a film is the way they establish connections between the actors and the audience , in a way that allows them to play with the characters like if they were puppets and to create a coherent and attractive film .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children how to play football for a football championship within the summer camps also organized other activities such climbing , running , competitions , expedition and other movement .
I look forward to hearing from you soon
Because of him I am what I am .
I think everybody knows the importance of having a person , who is always there .
We have met us years ago , when we were babies because our mothers were and are good friends .
As you can think he is a very straight person , who knows what he wants .
For me , a good person to speak about everything especially about my problems .
Although we have many different views of the life we understand each other and are best friends .
Of course during these events all the world watch it .
Usually I do n't watch sports match , I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
I do n't want to appear too rigid but I 've seen too many times people forgot the real problem and think only to this thing .
The point is that we have to make the world better not just sometimes , but forever .
During these events people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the country love each other without show racist feeling .
Whereas often we see bad behavior .
Probably us , as human race necessitate of this kind of things .
In my opinion we have to deal with a lot of other important point related to our culture .
When I was young we used to have a piano in our dining room because my mother used to play that .
Powders by adhering physically to the fingermark residue developed the latent , chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark and developed the latent marks , single and multi - metal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and resulting in the negative development of latent marks .
so starting from powders to chemicals , all are in public eye .
As we all know it is an essential part of our life .
What is more , if you want to get rid of depression or stress - go to the gym .
According to the scientific research mental health is closely connected to the physical one .
To sum up , I believe that if you want to be mentally and physically fit - try to do some sport and exercise . Also do not worry if you are not so good at it , just keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
Although , herbal medicines have significantly performed well in the treatment and management of illness , people have increasingly consumed these products via self - directed therapy .
However , I 'm not referring to the musical nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the referenced one .
It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen but in a minor scale .
I think people who read the book ( written by Victor Hugo ) , who are interested in this historical incident , or who merely want to analyse human relationships must see the movie .
In fact he wore a black suit and a lovely linen tie .
Then Robert smailed and giving his hand towards hers said : ' I have missed you a lot ' .
Personally for me shopping is very pleasant , but sometimes it can be a little tiring .
In my opinion is a few advantage of shopiing .
Another good point of shopiing is fact , that it could be relaxing for some people .
Michael was a 23 years old boy , who wanted to be famous artist .
He had very good talent but no one understood his creative mind .
Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by his passion ; except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to let his dream down .
At that time Kate was working in an international advertising office .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutional at the same time , something that could give a new vision of the reality and Kate started to bring some information about many artist .
One night she was working at her home ; she was in difficulty because no one satisfy her clients .
After lots of meeting and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , Usa and Oceany Michael began to be the man who he dreamed since he was a child .
On day the two guys had a terrible discussion .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people could spend their time outdoors and having fun during all day before going out , such a park called : San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people are used to having barbecues there , after they had done any water sport or rented a boat .
In addition there are many public transport which could drop you off in front of the park .
We have an active Nightlife in this city , live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had a good movie listing
In my opinion the fame is a need for actors and musicians of the popular culture .
It is my pleasure to write a recommendation letter for mr .
I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University as an undergraduate student .
Indeed I consider mr .
Later his parents became very angry and even got him beaten up for his mischief .
The film was the last movie stared by Paul Walker as in the film production process he passed away due to car accident .
I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson you promised me you never give up!. You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you reached it .
You 've kept working on it for almost your entire life now and although you have not become a professional one you have never given up .
When I first introduced you to it you were quite sceptical of your possible achievements .
But again you never gave up and now you playing in the 3rd Orchestra in Town shows how big you are .
Proof that not only you are very determined but that piano was meant to be .
As you asked my take what I tried to do was nothing but thinking of you as if you were my son .
Then once we get on the car I 'd let the music we had planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any words .
At that point I would let his talking go without stopping him from interruption .
By now he will be able to answer himself many questions he 's been troubling with .
Perhaps the next day he wo n't even be able to recall what the speaking was about but I 'm pretty sure that after all deep down himself he will know what best move on is to make ! !
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the Summer because in the water you can get fresh .
Everyone should have a sport , when you are doing it , you do n't think about anything more .
Try to imagine that , if everyone in the city has his or her own vehicle , we would be always late due to the terrible traffic jam .
In conclusion , public transportation would still pay an important role of transportation in a city unless the environmental vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well for accommodating a huge number of cars .
There are some people that spend too much of their time doing nothing useful although others may say that it helps to be more relaxed in their lives .
I started to feel bored with complementary courses on my curriculum because there were the kind of courses that did n't have any help to my university career which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Laws , and so on .
But later when I graduated , I realized how important were those subjects .
For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city , he was requested to do a running around the pool for 30 minutes .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment though you do n't like it .
If you do essential things you gain time in your life at the same time .
If you would rather avoid essential or required things you 'll lose many chances to succeed .
For example the paper or the wheel .
Overall , people are divided in what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity , I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of the history like the parper or the wheel , it changes every aspect of the human 's life .
Personally I prefer different movies .
Most of the time I like to watch comedies , love stories and adventure movies because these types of films can help me relax after a hard working day .
Therefore I feel more peaceful when I view something funny , adventurous and undemanding .
Movie companies offer all kinds of movies so everybody can choose something that he likes .
As you said , the safety of the students is our maximum concern , we must be completely sure that you will take care of them , chiefly because most of the students are still young and we have a strong commitment to their parents .
Since my view , to use the public transport in this case have two important advantages : the first one you do n't have to care about parking ; the second one you can move in a relaxed way reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the petrol price is continuously raising but also you have to pay high taxes for the car .
Is it true that there is no future for public transport .
As i recognized there are severeal way to improve because we are trying invent a lot of thing every day .
You would not think but when you are just thinking you may have the chance to invet something new and useful for humanity .
Inventors work years to reach their goals they are working with their project like you every day .
In conclusion we have a lot of things how o improve .
We can also help by paying our tickets , yes this is simple but these companies need money to improve their businness .
In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing for most people but it was it for her .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides she hasn't got married , her sister had died in a car accident , It had been a terrified accident , her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crushed into a tree .
If I had known that there were full of problems I 'd have gone on travel instead to get married .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape , I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them , I like her and she likes me so we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how but some guys get into my room and started to record my with the girl and I did n't noted then many days after I received a call from a guy that tell me that he have a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I do n't give him some money he will put that video on the Internet .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema , he is my friend for many years ago but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
The British band announced that the album was coming with news , a new singer , Bruce Dickison , joined the group and made the fans completely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .
Most of the songs show demoniac features causing serious concerns on the media .
In this album the drummer was really great and fantastic eletric guitar solos were showed too .
I 'd say that was their best album and obviously they rock
I am living in Chennai one of the populated city in India perhaps one of the most polluted city in India too .
The infrastructure build for controlling and maintaining the environment ecosystem friendly is worst in other words government and people do not care about the environment rather they spoiling the environment drastically .
The government always says the statement they are doing their best to improve environment but nothing as done perhaps they corrupting people money in terms of various projects that controls the pollution of the city .
They polluting more than factory does , by using plastic material , disposing wastes in public places and even some people tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Although many factories and people is polluting the environment drastically but some people and organization is protecting the environment but most often these people are discriminated from society .
But they do n't care about this and continue with there work , often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generation and made some people to change the way look the city but often some most people do n't care about what they trying to say and sometimes these people are scold .
So far people do n't understand the consequence of the pollution but with in decade they will then the suffer and understand the consequence of pollution in their life for sure .
In addition to this I go to the gym three times a fortnight and I took swimming lessons for 3 years .
Also I had also taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
I think that I deserve to have a job here because with my swimming and climbing knowledge I can entertain the children .
And in order to help them defend themselves I can also teach them some techniques about self - defense .
Anyway I hope I will get the job and I am able to attend an interview at half past nine on Saturday .
Since he took up the office in 2002 Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking out more than fourty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
To curb corruption new laws were created , instituions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society .
Minority groups received more attention to protect their rights and investments in education , health and well being increased .
For the poorest Brazilians Lula and his history is to be proud of .
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , priviliged , university educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
By the way , I had experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because at the university I did a course of Public Relations .
If you want to see my reports I can send you whenever you want or if you prefer to ask my teachers about me I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
My teachers have said to me that if you want can write a letter about my experience .
In my country people go to work by own cars .
If you go with a train , you need a ticket , that 's not very cheap !
You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit , sometimes the trains are full of people and you have to stand the whole way !
I think it 's right , that travelling by car will be more popular .
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
It would bug me if s1 did nt read it to say that is a porn novel
Another interesting redevelopment is that factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way was for Church which was pulled down to take place for a pub .
Thus it is a game with a combination of brain and physical skills .
It will be better of course to join a club or to get a trainer to guide .
I exactly do n't understand why people want to learn about private life of politicians and film stars .
I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life although they are famous .
For example they want to see well - known people with her boyfriend / his girlfriend or want to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
Media make use of this interest and thanks to this coin much money .
The President of the United States of America Mackinley says that , regarding Cuba , he will not meddle until December .
The newspaper " Times " publishes an intercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador Dupuy de Lowe that will make him resign due to what he wrote about the USA .
Next to the blow - up of the North American steamer Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures that it could n't be done from the outside , but from the inside .
The 21st of April EEUU denies the Spanish sovereignty over Cuba , the 23rd of April Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and the 25th USA declares the war to Spain .
So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person but also effects on your society .
But the problem is I do really care about my friends , so I always say " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't want to disappoint them .
This way you have the chance to relax and to think what is best for you in the future .
I 'm going to make you a very nice ittinerary and hopefully we 'll also find something for you to work .
First I advise you to come and visit my hometown , because it is a nice one .
We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadelle and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
Then we can go visit the Fortress in Sighisoara which is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
The next days we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
I also recommend you to visit Brasov and The Black Church , The Peles Castle and why not The Black Sea .
My husband is so annoying , sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is too eat and sleep
he says I shop too much but the fact is he does n't want to spend money , he stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he stopped being romantic
after all of that he keep asking why I have changed with him !
The fact is he is not the same man I have married and that issue upsets me so much .
he keep saying I love you but I do n't feel it any more , I sacrifice my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him but seems like it was one huge mistake as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised me to be .
anyway I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once especially that we have the most amazing reason to live for its our beautiful son our angel and amazing love of our life .
Despite some people would suggest that such service has no future because people are more rely on car as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has its future .
We all need a shelter , where we can hide from daily difficulties .
What is more , celebrities as ordinary people need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationship with others .
As ordinary people they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelings with .
They can gain fame and admiration thanks to their skills but their stage personality is more like a powerful creation .
Sometimes in everyday life they are not even interesting in terms of character and appearance .
That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars assessed all the time by society .
Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people because most of them go to study abroad and work with foreign countries .
I believe that knowing more languages is always better . that way people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
In conclusion learning languages may be very handy but can also be a killing time activity .
I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first hand knowledge about organising sports and activities .
At his 5th day of his trip , he hiked a very high mountain , but weirdly he never seen any people .
About 1 hour after he started to hike , he saw a big cave and there was a cozy - yellow glow inside the cave .
That feeling tells you what you will feel inside the room . " .
I think , that everybody deserve privacy , including famous people .
For example , when fan follow the cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredicable or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
Yesterday I saw in the magazine photo of Sarah Jessica Parker on which she was walking with her dog .
Years ago , we used to get through with other people ringing up or texting messages by our mobile phone and as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate by social networks such as twitter , facebook , whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings news by his smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues by Facebook pages which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes such as political discussions , strikes , economy ... As far I concerned , nowadays population know more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries where their Government ban to have access Internet to citizens , in other words , they want to mislead about reality avoiding population could claim bu this nets or up in arms against their system .
You can follow to your favourite celebrities and have a direct interaction but this also has negative consequences such as some followers critise to them
He has everything : the looks , the brains and the charm but he has never felt contented .
He thinks that life 's a game and he should surely win whatever it takes .
One day , in the silence of nowhere while Celine was reading a book she felt someone beside her .
She 's gorgeous , if she would only take off her glasses maybe other people will notice it too . '
One of the things she knew about him is that Michael loves to surprise , that 's why she wants to surprised him too .
I ca n't wait to have that car of yours ' Michael said .
The next day while Michael is on his pad watching tv , he heard his door bell rang , he was surprised to receive someone now .
He would like to invite Celine but he knew she would decline to him again and he 's not ready to be alone with her .
Maybe he 's too coward to admit it but yes , he 's inlove with Celine .
He knew how Celine loves having her privacy , he knew the moment he admit to everyone that he loves her , she would never have her normal life anymore .
When he open the door he was more surprised to see who 's on the door .
I love you so much ' Michael blurted after what they did then hug her .
He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders .
Is it raining ?
Everything was just a bet right ? ' Celine said .
I 'm going to dress now ' Celine added .
The next thing he knew is that she was gone not only on his pad but from his life .
Micheal decided to get dress , he was on the way to the door when he saw a box of things he gave to Celine .
In the presentday community shopping is one of the most important part of life .
Things are getting more and more expensive and I am really disappointed when I must go out of the shop with nothing and furthermore it gives me a big amount of sadness .
The last , but not least reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a lot to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
Of course I might go to a few different shops , but without driving license travelling is tough task .
It is a sophisticated construction , full of details , everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully fashioned according to that period .
During the rubber age there was no urban life around the build , which is completely different from today of course since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the same age of the theater and is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warm day and during the night .
In big cities there 's a similar Sport called Basketball and this one is more for Boys .
After our Trainer Nico shows us a lot tipps an tricks .
In winter we have some games every two weeks , where our friends are visitors .
In the last season we reached the second place .
To sum up I hope to see you soon by a game .
It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different though they are uniform in the same size .
In the future some dangerous diseases such as Cancer or Aids will be treated , and there will be no worries about them .
And this story was told from the point of view of Leo Colston the lead character .
So there he meets the oldest - gorgeous Marcus ' sister and he immediately falls in love and since then the go - between appears in the story .
I think everyone will enjoy this book because it shows a typical way of behaving in the 20th century , their daily - routines and the things they do to have fun .
This paper is a review of scientific researches , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others ; with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to the commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
All the same car is also necessity today , because very often that is the only means to get to where you need to .
When we arrived we saw an old house where Michael lived .
When we got inside his house , we saw a lot of old pics on his wall , it was like a horror movie !
They were Michael 's parents , his father was dead , but his mum no .
When we saw that we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw as his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
We never see him again , I think that when Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
It was long time ago when I have read this book but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
After she finds out that her mother has committed a suicide because of some kind of fraud she decides to revenge her but she gets into a prison .
After she comes out she decides to make another revenge because of the same reason .
I would recommend this book to the people of all ages because it has something for everyone .
In addition we were also taught how to organize sports and activities for them in a way they will enjoy .
I did n't expect to find anything else than sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water among leagues of wasteland , the oasis of Faiyum .
When I managed to reach the outside I had a taxi waiting for me , probably sent by my mother , so at least I did n't have to look for another one in the stifling heat of the city .
I reached the hotel well in the afternoon , nevertheless , the air was still oppressive and hot like at midday .
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping clthes in the city as long as some recommendations .
If the idea of a street marke does not seduced you , I recommend you visiting a is a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other complements such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
I recommend you having a look inside just in case .
By contrast If you are more lickely to save money , the best option in the street market .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and make comparations in price and quality
In the " Culture Centre " your young visitors will be able to join daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " they will have an opportunity to join many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
When I think in food the first thought it comes to my mind is ham , it brings back memories of the Christmas 2012 .
In recent years , I have been buying the ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but overall I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
It was an unforgettable moment , I was looking at her slightly excited because she was eating alone without help and fast , which was and still is unusual coming from her .
Unfortunately it 's not possible because of the costs that the Economic System would be compelled to support .
So people often prefer using the car and paying for oil instead of the bus ticket but having more advantages : not to be constricted to wait for the buses and not to have to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example ..
So I think that in a short time , cars will take the place of the public transport .
In the beginning , one of them , looks for a job asking to the boyfriend sister , but fortunately his friend convince him to find another work .
Of course they are much more older than the other candidates , and when the staff control their curriculum only one member confirm their candidature .
Despite everything they could take part to the competition .
The google agency arranges a lot of people , and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
Of course when the groups arrange themselves , the two old men remain alone and they are forced to create a group with the discards .
This film is interested because it drafts work problems but not only for this ; it also transmits some important values like , the importance of the solidarity , the group cohesion and the importance not to lose the fait in dreams even if the situation is withstands .
Of course there are also negative observations about this film : for example there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story : they are n't interesting and they during so much time .
In addition some situations of the film are taken from the high school movie .
In conclusion this film is plain and a little discounted but in the same time light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
You should bring summer clothes because it 's very hot at his time of the year , and some jackets since the north of this country can be a little chilly too .
It may help you to choose what to study at university as I know you haven't decided your mind yet .
I enclose for you the name in this e - mail , I think you should take a look !
Please , tell me when you make a decision .
For me this is very pleasant because I like being with children and it is a challenge for me .
Moreover I am very active and hardworking as you request .
In addition I am very funny and always I am joking .
Also I feel that I can be a positive incorporation in the Summer Camps .
House , which in we will be life in the future , would be full of complicated to use computers and robots .
Remarkable will be of course robots , which will help us in every day responsibilities , for instance in cooking delicious dishes , cleaning every thing in the house or even in washing and ironing clothes .
To be perfectly honest , ever human - being is dreaming of the home of the Future and ever dream is an individual , but in the future , our dreams will come true ?
There is a nice old chateau and a lot of animals , which are from the whole world .
You can see for example tigers , lions , zebras , birds , pinguins or horses .
Please write to me back and tell me , if you like the zoo or if you went on other place .
On my opinion sometimes stars ' behaviour is very suprising .
On the hand famous people intend to protect their private live , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
First of all being on the covers of rags help them make their more attractive for directors .
Film stars have very duties for example going to the parties organized by other people from show buissness .
Dear Jeff ;
My favourite tv shows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fox Sport " and " The Simpsons " , all these except " The Simpsons " are about sports , mainly football , basketball and rugby .
And I would like to know what is the most popular programme among teenagers in your country
You are very lucky in choosing life partner I have seen your life partner she is so beuityfull .You both have perfect match .
Once more I am saying sorry .
I am sending you a gift please accept it .
The summer holiday was quite long , nearly two months .
Nowadays the level of our life has become higher .
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
That 's why people choose travelling by car because it ' is more convenient and fast .
I have one big sister , Anisa , she is 18 years old , and I also have two younger sisters ; Alicia 8 years old and Isabel 4 years old .
In case you do not have time to help with that kind of activities there is a rule you must follow .
Thereby , the bactericidal effect of the garlic , probably can explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant can help in some illness treatments .
It can explain too , why the use of garlic was a good option to prevent gangrene in WWI .
Therefore , include garlic in the diet can really be beneficial for health as some cultures believed .
How many of us today are really into helping the environment .
I recently joined a campaign program in Manila , Philippines dedicated to protecting and preserving our natural resources .
At home I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic wastes .
To begin with I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me some professional advantages have in my career as a school teacher .
Learning languages is increasingly important in the teaching sector so I want to improve it .
I reckon my weak points are speaking and listening skills nevertheless I would be also interested in working over writing and grammar points .
Although I am in my late forties I am still very active so I like practising sports , music and going to the cinema as well .
One day he went out with couples of friends , they went to a night club called " Miami beach".They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes of him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
She was very kind and she was smiling all the time , he offered her a drink and late in the night they went to her house where they spend the night together .
Moved by my curiosity i dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
I did nt know what i was going to find at the end of my hunt but this idea made the situation even more exciting .
A few meters ahead i saw a blinding light and i realized that i was nt alone because i could hear the sound of the music and people talking .
Dazzled by the sun when i opened my eyes i realized that i was in a wonderful funfair .
I know you 're looking for interesting place to visit so I want to offer you place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and spend great time with your group .
On the face of it it sounds childishly but I think it 's a good way to spend free time even for adults .
The amusement park and aqua park are located close the centre so you do n't have to go far away .
The difference is the good part will be kept while the bad part will be destroyed .
Anyway if you want to know my level I can tell you I 've finished the level B1 .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) Therefore we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Calderón are young still .
Indeed , his team was almost at the end of the NBA teams whilst they are in the middle position now .
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points has served as a lever to his team that has improved dramatically .
He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 years old and he began in our national team when he was 17 years old .
His current team is preparing him physically in the gym , his physical form has improved a lot and now is faster , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
The " Di roma reataurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village " Monção " is very popular , between teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
Sitting in any table you have a wonderful view of the workshop - like kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see how they make the food that you will eat .
The chefs take great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
The service is always great , the clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done , while clients are waiting they always give a Indian food .
For this reason I highly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gasses which if everybody took the car instead of taking public transport would pollute the atmosphere
Secondly , travelling in public transport makes much easier to travel at rush hours or on those moments in which you should not take the car
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or in a motorbike and also in the way that you are much relaxed than in a car and it saves time too .
To conclude public transport is good for the environment , it makes much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some way , saves lives .
For those reasons and some others I think that public transport must be there for many years .
Because Danderyd is n't in the city it 's very much nature and nice people .
Anyway , about one thousand years ago Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway was Vikings .
The Vikings where feared from most people in Europe but they where also merchants and explorers .
If you are at the most northern part of Sweden it 's always day in the summer and always night in the winter .
Also when it 's winter you can see something called the northern light .
There is also another free program that is called Skype where you can talk to eachother and text eachother totally free !
In Sweden gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that have made a game called BF or Battle Field .
Even though we have a lot to be proud of we need to make a lot of things better .
In Sweden we have a lot of different people from different kultures .
Not the majority of course but there are many razists .
Also as I said before we need more jobs .
You are dependent on schedules when you use public means of transport , that is to say you can not begin your journey when you want .
All this makes using the car much convenient due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straight away from the very door of your own house .
When you go by car you may control your timing , stop at will and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you ; while on public transport you should pay a ticket for every single rider .
Anyway , to tell you the truth I 'd rather take a train , for instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travelling " chess , meeting new people , as in a stage coach but moving faster
Throughout my work history and studies I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills which I believe are crucial capacities in an administrative position .
I do n't know what I have to say but the only thing that I know is that my English pronunciation is not very good .
I want to tell her too many things about my feelings toward her but I do n't know how to say that .
Now I decided to improve my writing skills because once it became improved I would be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
So now I have two main purposes .
The first one is to study a lot of Grammer lessons and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
Thank you for sending me the correct form of my writing and I am really appreciate that very much .
His name is Mohamed but he is normally called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the Country where he is working .
Mohamed is from Senegal , 33 years old , graduated in education with a master in education for children and people with special needs .
He completed his studies six years ago but since then he was unable to find a proper employment in his Country .
Therefore , he decided to migrate looking for better job opportunities .
However , nowadays even in the rich Western Europe , many highly qualified European graduates struggle to find an employment .
I am a passionate reader in particular of thrillers and French poetry .
My passion for travels goes back in years to when I was just a child : As I am a curious person I like tasting new foods and discover new places .
I like to think of myself as a go - getter so I always try to keep myself active .
I am not a class act yet I try to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am the mover and shaker of the group .
However , as I tend to be set in my ways sometimes I can appear a know - it - all or too pragmatic .
Therefore I think this experience of three months can offer me a unique chance of growing as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
Indeed following a routine of work would allow me to put my mind in gear and study two or three hours a day .
In addition probably this project is the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
A couple years ago I have spent a couple weeks in Bright with Ef .
During this period I have shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
Therefore I would be more than willing to share this experience with another student .
Last year I did some graphic designs for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
In addition , last year I participated in a stage at the ASL of Rivoli .
For example when they find what they want , or find something in a smaller size , or just find a trifle and are happy .
As we know it , for women shopping is the best way to relax but for men is just a torture .
One is that people may stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours , the second is the more vehicle on road that means the more exhaust would be emitted into the air , the last and the most important is the gas and oil would be depleted .
In a result , I think if traveling only by car is not a wise choice for earth although it is convenient .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and human 's environment such as riding bicycle or waiting for environmental - friendly car being invented .
In addition most of the people are not used to walking on foot even in short distances .
In big cities where people live a more isolated life and always in a hurry .
Those people who has mental or other serious illness does n't allowed or not able to drive a car , for them public transport system is necessary .
Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' life and it is less about convenience even if travelling by car means you do n't need to adjust to other passengers .
I 'm from Ecuador a country surrounded by a great number of natural resources .
We are an underdeveloped country , like other countries says a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
, because we see develop countries and the form that they use the resources .
We see what they really are , the underdeveloped countries that they are .
Seeing all of it we will change our future , doing different things that they have done .
Recently my country is starting to develop their resources , our renewable energy as wind , solar , hydropower , geothermal energy .
Starting to develop our nation , it is eventually starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better live , but if we start to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need of energy would be decreased .
Also it is a big opportunity to help them .
Nowadays my country have started to build a great number of hydroelectric , wind parks and we also starting to think on geothermal energy .
All of that require further studies have been done and with that , we could know the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
Implementation takes time and money , but if the project does not work all of that could be spent in vain .
As I said before all of it needs time and a great number of studies .
In a good way implementation of projects helps to improve citizens lifes .
I live in one of the most polluted city in India and which is also the capital of India i.e. Delhi .
I really enjoy soap opera I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion de best one is an English one called fawlty Towers .
There are four main characteres the owner 's hotel a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
It was a shorter soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end it seems you know them for a long time .
Thus , the sea level will go up to influence the climate leading to warmer days in the whole world .
I 'm looking for à language centre which prepare students to take a Cambridge exams especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've heard about your classes and your method seems efficient .
So I wonder if I could apply in one of your course .
I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practise my English language but I need to improve my spelling and my writing as well .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise !
I met her in second grade , we were queuing to go to class , that was the moment I saw her .
At that time , I did n't have many friends , she helped me to overcome my problems and trust myself .
8 years later she has become my best friend , my lost sister , my complement .
Once he finds one he pulls up the car and goes as fast as he can to get some money .
Hopefully for the next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this again .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transportation , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
Many dogs for example help their owners and protect them from many dangers .
For illustration , My friend has a dog , one day when they were in his farm .
A snake tried to bite my friend but his dog at the last moment saves him and took that snake away .
For that reason I appreciate my pets as if they are one of my friends .
they feel as if they are humans .
They will never try to hurt any human being so why people try to hurt them .
He always told me that we are fine referring to him and his cat .
After seeing how this old man lives alone with his cat without suffering from loneliness .
I do not mind or fear living alone anymore as I have my friend which is my cat .
Since they are creatures like us have souls and feelings .
I liked a lot my project and I wanted to follow in it but my project manager was worried .
It was my boss , he told me : " Go ahead ! , the project follows ! " .
Thanks for a crowd funding campaign , we obtained the mininum funds to develop our innovate work .
He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework ; therefore , he ran back home quickly , and start finishing his homework .
While Peter is doing his homework , his best friend - Tommy , invited Peter to play football together at night .
After that , he took a deep breath on his bed and made his final decision : he decided to keep on do his homework and project .
The day before all the clothes which were inside the luggage had been classified on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
She was trying to find a job for a year but she was n't lucky at all .
She was graduated , had even studied a Master and she had nothing to lose .
They think that big - name has marvellous life with no problems , no duties , or worries .
They ca n't go to the cinema , or theatre , or just go for a walk without being recognised .
No matter where famous person goes , he must realized , that next day he will be on first page newspepers with lots of rumours .
In my opinion journalist and other people should accepted and respected it and sometimes they should just let go .
So , I think , that they must have known about the consequences and just live as they like .
First was in the bar , owned by my uncle , and the second - in a local restaurant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
The name of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related at the dimensions of the building , the second reason is because near there is a bronze statue .
In 1990 the Colosseum was put into the list of the heritage of humanity UNESCO while in 2007 it was included among the new Seven Wonders of the World .
The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages , in Ancient times it was used for gladiators shows and for other public shows .
Finally I can say that the Colosseum it 's a fantastic construction as for beauty as for importance and if a tourist came in Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum
There were not enough brushes and colours for all the students .
The hotel would be luxorius but everybody could come because the prices would be low , so the hotel would be always full , I think that many people want to go to a luxorius hotel but they ca n't .
The hotel would have many services and facilities like a good reception , spa , wifi conection and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef who did the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boat for trips around the mediterranean sea .
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important is that the people were happy in their accommodation , if they are happy they will return next year .
After the show I was introdused to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
Anyway , it is only one side - What do we know about the flipside of fame ?
It all began a rainy morning of July , school 's out for 10 days and as a results of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to pass the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
In the end , the party turned out a success , for Michael was the beginning of his popularity .
But the house was destroyed and the neighborhood furred for the confusion caused during the night had called the police that without his knowledge waiting outside the house Micheal to take him to the police station .
After everything that had happened Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
Dear Peter .
I 've just finished my teacher degree and I have experience in schools , could you send me any webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
If you have days off I hope we can meet at the road and join me .
Think about your family , is it important to you ?
It should be because it helped you to be what you are today !
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my neace , clean my bedroom , not much .
Nowadays Environmental issues have become a great concern for scientist as the problem is growing .
All in all it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resourse will be done .
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
then let your wife makes the decision , finally , if you are broke up recently , then do n't do anything , just light up your cigarette and hang out with your xx - girl friend ,
okay , let us back to the decoration ,
At classes everyone was very kind for her .
After some hours in a shopping centre girls were very content .
Above all , car travelling is not only convenient but also free in your journey which leads public transportation into a fading future .
I had never felt so nervous when about six months ago I decided finally to join the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
Because we did n't live in any English native country , we had tried as much as possible to create an English speaking environment .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfield , that is why I want to get a master degree abroad , or PhD at my university .
Beyond that throughout my university education , I have been a participant of scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my study .
For example , I have successfully completed « Offshore Drilling » course of « Total » Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
As you know I just moved too a new town .
Of course I miss you and all of my friends back in Sweden , but I will visit you guys soon !
I hope everything is great back in Sweden , see you soon !
Clothes theme is harder like I said before , because fashion
Of course
time then I suggest some other style , it has to be comfotable but
With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work , I am interested to apply .
I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years since my kids was born .
As a member , during many occasions such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
To elaborate , their story are better as there are more twists and turns in plots .
Although the plots full of turns , they still very reasonable , and not make their audience felt that the plots are very strange .
It eventually made very good impression on its audience , and the most important for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than past , the foreign movies still play important role on domestic movie goer 's mind
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , skill of product development design to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in Fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
I ' am not saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things as numbers or letters .
When I was young I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things as geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
In this place " Stella d'oro " the owners prepare delicious rolls .
In particular every week you can find " Il panino più " , a special roll created by the fancy of the cook .
Of course I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have to celebrate something , for example birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
I remember , when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made by cheese on the roll , with a little candle .
When I go there I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with of a good flavor .
Of course with the roll we also order a lot of chips .
If we are all that we are still hungry we order cakes .
Of course if the six of us go together is quite expensive , but if I go only with my husband I do n't spend so much .
I suggest everyone go to this place because not only is the food good but also the owners are very friendly .
But if you are lucky you can park .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise .
Should I go if I do n't know , who send this to me ? "
In the middle of a crowd was standing my mum with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise ...
What the hell she was doing here !
" He 's died . " she said as if she was whispering .
I 've never got the reason made him leave me although all his love for me , unfortunately ...
People argue that today 's television is a load of rubbish , the quality of many programs is absolutely questionable and in many cases the language is vulgar .
First of all , the many repeats of all programs like serials or films do not motivate people to watch it .
Moreover , on television there are a lot of advertising constantly interrupting the broadcast , and of course this fact is very unpleasant .
For example , the wider choose of programs from all over the World , allow us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhance our knowledge .
To sum - up , I think television is a very good value for money , the point is being able to choose what we want to watch .
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , journals or TV programmes or their entire private life .
Thirdly , in my opinion they have the right also of selling only the parts of their lives they want .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and it could arrive an embarrassing moment and if you have sold a kind of things like this before you ca n't say nothing .
I am currently working at a place where I am getting a great wage so I have the possibility to accompany you on your journey .
We might go to the most representative places of Mexico such as : Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
perhaps we can go to the city zoo in order to verify wheter there are any vacancies that fit with you .
As you know , in this country if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chances to obtain a great job .
Wrestling is new sport , which is unknown to many of my colleagues at the College .
As such , referee explains the rules of the game through their captains i.e. Health and Safety .
First of all I lived in London for three weeks in 2012 .
I would like to say that learning any languages is complicated to someone , whatever you come from , but in my opinion there are many matter to discuss .
One child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time , this child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , but they are listening to their parents speaking English their native language all the time and this let them learn without any difficulty .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in anglophone country , in this case , your knowledge will be reinforced with your stay there .
To sum up , if you want to learn English you do n't need to go abroad , you can improve your English working hard inside your own country , for example , doing exercises like listening and writing or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
In addition to my native language I can speak German as well as English in fact I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin , my german teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experiences .
If it is necessary I would be willing to come for an interview at any time .
It still has to have the same elements like : roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door or windows .
Although , I think , that all the systems , which work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
Though , it will affect on the environment in a good way .
I think , that the home of the future will be huge , but single - storey .
Owing to that people wo n't need to meet and talk .
Roger Okeefe 83 years old is being referred to your care for further assistance .
Since his discharged from the hospital we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
On observation they are getting some help from their neighbors , however they are having problem keeping up their household routine .
As per the doctor 's order we have organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 after which our nursing care will end .
Hasselt has it all , from museums and shops with the latest fashion , to shops with local products such as gingerbread and gin .
My family are n't so close and is distributed in many cities on my country , after some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
We rented a wonderful place outside our city , spectacular atmosphere .
Everything was amazing , a lot of memories , we laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watched movies , swimming pool , among others .
Many times we pay more attention to other things , it can do it in many opportunities .
In my opinion travelling by car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport because you can choose where do you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
Sometimes public transport is interesting because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
If you would like to go fast to somewhere , do n't use public transport because it is very slow .
If everyone use public transport climate change does not increase more .
At my school I do n't do that much because we are just five people that are worried about the world .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us monetarily but it was n't enough .
At home I convinced my family to recycle and reuse the water that we ca n't drink , to give to our plants .
Now what do you do at your school and at your home ?
Tell me I 'm curious .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them required the passport , so if you are younger than 18 it would be difficult to enter .
However , the art and science museum , it could be the funniest plan .
In addition i suggested going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoening , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoy the countryside
While person is watching this kind of movie he / she is just relaxing and has a good time .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwide Market Analysis ) said lottery play is not economically irrational and uninformed .
First of all you should find the entrance of the airport .
Also you can use the bus .
When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda you should leave the bus and I 'll meet you at this bus stop .
In my opinion the weather is better today than yesterday .
The building has two changing rooms for men and women .
As far as I am concerned there are some pros and cons about the use of the swimming pool .
On the one hand everything is very cleaned including floor , bath and corridors , in addition , if you are a disabled person you will not have any trouble to get there because there are some ramps to help you come in .
On the other hand you will have to pay 45 euros a month to use facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because there is not any gym inside the building .
In my opinion the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town but is very expensive , particularly for young people .
Those people could be politicians , film starts , singers , football players and so on living in a constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and because of this they have to keep calm and carry with it .
Therefore , most of this famous people complain of this but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constanlty devoting every minute of the day to them because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing with whom they are , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
In conclusion , being famous is really difficult and frustrating as well , but in contrast , they earn a lot of money and they are loved by so many people though they have to accept some critics because not everybody has to love them .
After a few hours we are so tired , that we do not have power to do anything else .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's a loud energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we get home with a huge headache .
Sometimes better is to visit some small shops than big centres .
Today in big cities public transport is necessary for tourists , students , kids and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
A good public transport is the sign of a civilized city . in this way there are fewer cars so less traffic .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
I pack my backpack , take my garbage bag and look around my room for one last time to make sure : I do n't forget anything . I go downstairs and put the garbage bag into the trash bin .
It takes me about 30 minutes to drive to my company , It depends if the traffic 's good .
As usual , I buy a coffee and breakfast on the way , I can have bread or sweet potato for my daily breakfast .
I have many choices for lunch but I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am but I get up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out with my boyfriend , we go to the cinema or the coffee shop .
Now , that I 'm on holidays , I watch more tv , especially some series like : Criminal Investigation or The Mentalist .
Once upon a time a mason called Nick that had a family of four , two sons and his wife but they had conflicts with the studies of their children , the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they were in poverty .
His kids dreamed with a big house that has a pool , a third floor , Jacuzzi and a beautiful landscape to the beach , also they wanted to have a dog , if they had one it would be called Winy .
They told every dream to their dad , and they know he would enforce it even though under the circumstances it seemed to be impossible he would try .
Next week a cousin that he did not know , he was a very reach man and when he knew about their problem he decided to help so he gave them an incentive .
He said that if Nick makes a house of two floors he would buy it and pay the studies of the children lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible
Nick started making the planes for the house , from that moment he trended to get to his house and at the moment drag the planes and continue working when he finished the planes after months of working on them he started to bring it to life , the house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
After months of working in the house he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they want .
When they got eighteen they could get a good job because of their good studies .
They could give a good life to their families and have a dog also called Winy , and all this thanks to the rich man that nobody knew .
By contrast , in general North America had the lowest rates in deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
For example , the tower has 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant and so on .
Firstly , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only because they have other problems to care about but also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
However , we consider a friend that person you can have fun with , laugh and meet . I 'm use to do that with my parents and my brothers but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Moreover , I think that I should n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried for something or someone , in fact I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
The route makes many stops , in different places , so the way in the map is a mess .
At present there are many means of transportation .
We can travel by air using the aircraft , aeroplane , helcopter and rest .
Unlike before we have big ships to use on the sea .
So whoever want to star a journey has several choice of transport , eaither by sea , by air , by land or by foot .
Thanks
Swimming is my favourite sport in the world , I started it when I was five years old , I really enjoy it , I feel that the water is my place in the word , I feel free .
First , when I was in the starting line I felt could not finish the competition , then when we were in the water the coaches did not stop to encourage so was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting for us clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
His whole life , he only wished for one thing and that was to be popular .
People got attracted towards her quite easily and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
An innocent dare made by Sara which led Michael to walk in a path of wrong .
courage can change lives
They had n't abandoned him neither had they distanced themselves from him .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I highly agree with because the extra traffic caused due to the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals cause massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad to the health of the walking , cycling citizens , especially young children , babies .
Mostly during 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go and finish work , that is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get form point A to B in town which is a terribly long time not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
On the other hand the bypass might cause a drastic drop in tourism in the town .
Because I did n't find any ticket for the concert in London I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
The day before I started to freak out thinking that I was meeting them .
Else the ticket for the concert I bought the VIP ticket as well , so I had to go before to Birmingham , because the entrance to the venue was at 17:00 and as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 've never been to Birmingham I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event took place .
After 30 minutes started the acoustic performance which lasted for about 15 minutes , afterwards we took pictures .
On the day after I went back home .
On the one hand , I am studying to be a PE teacher so I know how to organise activities for young people such as fishing or doing a sport .
I'm good at entertaining parties What is more , I really enjoy working with them since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mean that you will save time because both buses and cars wo n't be able to move in the rush hour .
Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to make your own schedule while public transport limits you to a timetable that not always meet your needs .
However , it is also true that there are always minors who have no choice but to take public transport and also for their parents it is definitely more reliable .
If a car which emits no serious global warming gas would be developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce our use of cars , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them we could not find more eco - friendly and efficient ways than public transportation .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future even though travelling with cars is more convenient than travelling with just trains or buses .
In my opinion home in the future will be similar to present houses .
Everywhere will be cameras and motion sensors .
Kitchen will be better eguipped , may be with smart appliances and people , who ca n't cook , will prepare the meal by yourself .
Personally houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like it .
People do n't have to possess their car paying much money .
All my life I practiced sports , but definitely my favorite sport is squash .
The first year I went to a tournament in Torreon and I win the first place , during the first 3 years I was ranking in the first 10 places of Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
Play squash is an awesome activity and is easy to learn , I love that this game is very fast and you do a lot of exercise .
For someone new in this sport I would recommended be patient and constant in the training , because the practice is what make you better and helps to improve your level , and finally always enjoy the game .
Soon or later mariied people will get divorced .
Since one day he met a girl , on the train , she was n't that beauty but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonic .
They started talking blaming for the train late and after two hours they were still chatting .
Finally he arrived .
He said hello to the girl smiling .
Nowadays everybody has one or more cars , as a consequence of that , some people believe that public transport is going to disappear .
There are several reasons to believe that ; firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as a smart option as cars .
In addition , public transport is cheap because to buy a car meaning spend a fortune and in big cities , where are concerned about the environment such as Amsterdam or Tokio , there are many facilities as mobile phone applications or special offers .
To sum up , no one knows the future ; however , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more because it is good to save up money and to reduce contamination .
In my opinion less people are travelling by public transport and started to buy their own cars which is more comfortable to use whenever you are in a hurry or not .
In the first place you feel more comfortable in your own car than in a bus for example . You do n't need fear that someone could suddenly stole your purse or you do n't have to listen to the others when you travel by your car .
Studies have shown that your self esteem and feelings of protection increase when you are a car driver .
In the second place not all public transports are in their best shape .
If you have your own car these things do n't bother you anymore cause you wash your car anytime you want .
In conclusion travelling by car is far better than using public transport
I love children , I have already worked with them , it was a wonderful experience .
My level of English is very good , today I 'm learning and working hard to improve .
Yours faithfully .
As you know , he works in security company , called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to even Bono !
Could you imagine my reaction , when he told me about it .
We were so excited , when we got on .
During the concert we were standing on the backstage .
After the last song my dad took us to the Bono 's room .
That 's all for now , but I will write more , when I find my feet ! I will appreciate my dad 's work forever .
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara , I 'm from Saudi Arabia , I 'm 26 years old .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
In addition , there is recent statistic that shows a very high percentage of Saudi Arabia students who came to America to do set their master 's degree that they could n't get in university due to some requirements for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student who could n't accomplish their dream and go back to their home , I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into your university .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do me best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript , to sum up what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student willing to study master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting response back and your recommendations .
I am forty nine years old and I am a quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that normally the mistakes have not importance , because all the things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
Every plant has a color sign , red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between the red and the orange and this was my confusion .
I left my car in the plant with the orange color , but when some day later I looked for my car I made it in the plant of the intermediate color .
I spend quite time thinking and when I decided go to the police I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes It is sad that you only come for one week but we will enjoy a lot .
When you came out to the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant , then you must go to the left where you would find a big square with swings and slides .
Finally you would see a big red house with lots of windows .
What is more , this kind of students are between eighteen and twenty two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
However , this method of studying is cheaper than the common way , and it also can be completely free which is a big advantage .
Nowadays people want to travel by their own conveyance by their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
Everyone wants to have a stress less / happy journey whether it is for a long route or not .
Now let me tell you the scenario of public transport .
First of all we always need to wait for it and it will run according to the scheduled time only .
In winter it is fine we can adjust in crowd but if we talk about summer session we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocated environment .
We need to book tickets in advance , in case we are planning to go via public transport because again the issue of availability of seats are there .
Of course it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to confirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
In our city the buses stop at midnight .
Also the ticket price is not cheap .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only for time but also for the problems that you can find .
The other question is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where , the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fuel the car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but after I see the price of this ecological vehicle I considered that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
But They can only afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter that include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need high level of english .
Moreover , people about mid 's 30 years old , they do not usually leave their country and try to get new language from are living .
Since 2010 my town has tried to include some changes to boost the town .
In the last five years many new bins have been situated near all neighbourhoods .
Because of that 5 new parks has been created recently .
Moreover residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respect the environment .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well so , that is why I am accustomed to deal with customers and cope with difficult people in busy environment .
It is no necessary to say I am able to work with a cafe schedeule , I have experience working shift days and weekends .
In Madrid , you can find clothes of the best desingners as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
but do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited because we have some places where you can find great colections with 50% off .
So , if you prefer save money and look fine , you have to visit ours outlet where you can find all that you are looking for .
Nowadays people 's life is having an unexpected change all because globalitation .
In the past people has to manage their time so they could go to their work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
Globalitation starts in the 20 's , so a huge amount of population has experience this change , in my opinion is kind of good .
Now people can interact with other people from other countries by texting , facebook or whatsapp .
Everyone needs an instant answer to what they asking for , if they send an email you must received it in less than 1 minute .
The personal contact shows a decrease in this time because people do n't want to face their real problems , instead they can see all the poblems happened in the world by their smartphones .
In the future people will comunute between them by their computers , cellphones , tablets and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
Of course there will exist some more electronical things like some new handys , with functions we could expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
But if we speak of the change of people 's lives there have to be some more dramatically things .
To put it in a nutshell we could say that our global world will be more electronical , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo nt change our lives dramatically .
For that I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
Yesterday I saw a nice present for her in the new mall of Jerez , called AreaSur .
If you do n't think the same as me you can choose another present , I wo n't have any problem .
I hope to see you soon brother .
Send me an email when you 're able to go shopping
In my opinion any transport is completely safe , however people say the plane is the safest transport .
And , maybe the car is the most comfortable .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing , I knew this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
When you make a long trip you can go without pressure .
If you are tired you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax yourself , and if in the car there are more passengers you can change with them , so you will feel less tired .
- There are n't enough car parks and they are very expensive , for example when you travel to Madrid it is impossible to find a free parking .
This situation only is present in Caceres when there is a rainy day , but in other cities like Madrid , Barcelona … is a daily situation .
I think , driving can be dangerous because people must respect speed limits , and not every time that it is .
Every holiday , the DGT , in Spain , make an awareness campaign to remember us the good manners when we are driving .
On the other hand , travelling by plane people say is safer then do it in others transport .
I look for the perfect offer but in summer it is impossible to find it .
For example there are a lot of countries where bike is the most main of transport , like Belgium .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle line , on the contrary than here in Spain , where few cities like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
This is simple because not everyone has a personal vehicle .
Next year in Turkey .
we can see the number of the projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thousands of pairs in next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. about 300 thousands of pairs .Then the number of Jack&Jones Co . will drop to 250 thousands of pairs in Feb next year .
The number of Mango Co. will grow up steadily from May to July next year , it will stay remain at 500 thousands of pairs for four months then get the highest number about 600 thousands of pairs in this period .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise there was a small present left on the ground .
Besides I was not sure whether I should take it up .
As it was quite early in the morning there was just silence everywhere .
While the water was boiling a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have any birthday today and there are few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in a pink paper ?
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they where 20 years ago , scientist proved that if we carry on with our ways of living using , for instance modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
As a matter of fact I have been camping since I was 6 years old , for this reason I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
I am a suitable person for the job because I used to work with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old , also I am always trying to improve different activities therefore avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
To sum up I would like to participate with you , and I can promise you will not regret it , I hope to hear from you soon .
Is easy to get to my apartment from the airport , you can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to the powder street , when you get there you just call me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
Is cheaper to travel by bus but it is not very safe , you need to take a taxi , is a bit more expensive but is much safer .
The weather is changing , in the morning there is high winds , at the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
Also when you spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know that someone is taking a photo of you .
For this , we will analyse several aspects such as what local residents do with the rubbish and how Lanjarón tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
Nowadays there is more and more rubbish because of the high amount of package used to wrap products and increase in consumption .
In Lanjarón as in the rest of the villages and towns people are getting used to buying and consuming much more than they used to do in the past .
To get this the council sets different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
At the end of the competition those whose area is cleaner and attractive receive an award .
On one , hand military service must be mandatory .
There are different dangers of a military nature such as terrorist attacks , wars and other armed conflicts .
Besides , there are emergencies , which can happen with guns or weapons such as explosions and accidents .
These acts often turn out to be tragic having a long post traumatic effect on the young person or even loss of life .
Also the food I make by myself is much healthier .
But if I make my own food , of course I wo n't use any kind of unhealthy ingredients .
And also homemade food has better quality than low price restaurants .
Some people think cooking themselves is too annoying or tired so they go out to eat .
But actually if you cook much you can use your energy so you can consume your weight .
Also if you cook three times a day your cooking ability will go up .
When people are surrounded by strangers people all think they are watching me so I ca n't do that or this .
But if you eat at home you do n't need to be caring that somebody will look at you open your mouth too big or talk too loud .
Also the restaurant do n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes they give you too less food you do n't get full .
And as you know , throwing food away is a bad habit to do which makes our planet , Earth will be polluted
And sometimes if there are many customers you have to wait for the chef to cook other 's food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
But if you eat at home with your family you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about their own private life things .
Because it 's not feel free to talk anything outside because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
So by having a family time while eating home you can have a talk and be a much closer family .
Because of these kinds of advantages and reasons I prefer to eat at home .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of " Virtual profile " , it requires time to maintain connection between links , friends and be part of groups , this connections will produce negatives effects especially on psychological well - being .
This outcome , along with several studies suggests reasonable use of connection media .
Furthermore , it is also possible that in a future people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
On the one hand we have technology .
Technology has developed really fast in the last twenty years so it 's expected to develop the same way in the next fifty years .
Fifteen years ago cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have camera with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
On the other hand we have transport .
Right now people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which is more eco friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money in gas .
Basing on this we can assume that this kind of cars will be the only ones on the streets fifty years from now .
Every aspect of science will evolve , for example new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
To sum up I believe that people lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
I 'm a teenagers and I like to watch movies as other teenagers .
As we know the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , moped or any other motor vehicle .
On the other , hand technology makes our life easier .
We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly with Internet , however unfortunately we do n't have it in the countryside
However I think humans have evolved and we are very happy with technology and Internet .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling for long distances as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal zone area .
Moreover , you can control your driving speed as fast or slow according to your mood and so you own your time .
Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there fleetly & freely whenever you like so you have a flexible schedule .
Besides the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions environments you are facing during the journey .
On the other hand , public transport now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area and so a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
And so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like although this is my leisure , my free time which means the time of relaxation & meditation .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country , the authorities have been arranged amny procedures to ensure that the town keeps clean at the same time be environmentally friendly procedures .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy is that the garbage needs to be separated into 3 parts that is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycle bins , one for food and green garbage , one for only papers and catroons and the last is for the rest .
Another handy rule has been decided which is the plastic and the glasses need to be thrown in different bins that are available for the public udsage in each supermarket center , in these people can find these bins in easy destinations available everywhere .
Secondly , we all know the fossil fuels , we mainly run our vehicles by , will not last forever .
A lot of us , just turn the engine of our cars without considering walking up to the bus stop .
In my opinion , we need to save future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient but with improved public transport , we need to reduce use of cars .
Their main concern is to make you think , laugh , maybe cry a bit , but above all to give you a great time .
Soon one of them was informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris , which was heading for the Shuttle , where the two astronauts were .
Eventually the debris hit the Shuttle and thus more debris was created which took the orbit of Earth and moved around it with a very high speed .
To survive the astronauts had to get to the International Space Station which was very far away from them .
Moving to the ISS one of them lost his life and so only one of the crew remains alive fighting for the survival .
After the long sequence of events the remaining astronaut first got to the ISS then with Russian spacekraft moved on to the Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
And so the astronaut launched the escape pod and got home !
The Garbage control service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council which was founded two years ago .
The recycling centers sort these garbage and are put into different categories to be recycled , categorized garbage are then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distributing program among the villages with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are engaged in the garbage control service because they can collect all the garbage of a village in one place .
Villages on the other hand , doing their best to reduce the load of domestic waste .
Nowadays lots of people are discussing the problems of life in the next 50 years . in 50 years ,
planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe thanks to the progress of technology we could beam - up every where .
Also thanks to the progress of medicine we will achieve some important goals .
body - communication , for example , will lose his importance . all the communication will be virtual , people will speak only on social networks .
According to the schedule train arrives to platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
Then what about my look .
( With this letter I 'll send you my new photo , but ) anyway I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
Just in case I 'll be wearing that yellow hat you sent me last year .
Also we can go to some parks that I think are incredible there .
Anyway we 'll discuss where to go after my arrival .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures , as she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life come slowly back to normal , but not for too long , for she becomes suspicious the murderer can be closer then she would ever expect .
In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore but he still kept contact with her .
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang so she feft very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
She burst into tears making efforts to leave that room as fast as possible .
Anyway I ve recently been organizing an environment saving event for our breathtaking city by doing a recycling campaign .
Since your dad has recycling factory I taught that he would be pleased getting the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
Aswell as you know in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown are recyclabe .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job in re - building animal habitats so I taught that they might need money since they just spend money in building habitats .
İn the event there will be charged entertainments for all age groups , there will be live music , we also have a lottery which will be going on .
Waiting for your response and help on they day do n't forget no amount is too small .
For instance , you have been doing sport since I met you so as to give up it for a season .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off in several station ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) while travelling by train I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder whereas Tiffany , a widow , who had just lost her job .
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who do n't believe in love and only want one night stand .
The scene is bright and the rhythm is light even if in the saddest section .
Of course being in a similar situation does n't seem to be easy but I think that it is one of the prices of being famous .
On the one hand , I think that the most significant is societal problems because they cause other problems including environmental one .
Their activities caused lots of negative consequences such as air , water and land pollution , deforestation and climate change .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something whereas I do n't know how to do it properly .
Though the new problems occur quickly in our state some people and community , try to do their best to develop the civil and democratic society .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them so population should do everything on their own .
What is more , this project will give me available experience including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendency in the social sphere and careful attitudes to the environment .
Television can entertain everybody today , it does n't matter the age , can be a baby or an oldest person , we can notice that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program you can change the channel and watch anything else , if the increase of channels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased also its power of choice .
We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options we must be aware of our own decisions , I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us , we are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there are also the solution of all problems at the end , the lady get married and live happily with his love forever .
Although they have a nice ending we need to remember that the real life is different and the difficult makes part of our lives , they are there to us to give value to everything we have and to remember us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
There are documentaries produced with so many careful that they provide us with a lot of information , sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
In the last 10 years , every second family has more than one car and most of the times each member of the family drives his own car .
Recently , governments in many countries , put a ban for parking or even a ban for driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' Shakespeare creates a magical mood and setting by using characters , such as the fairies , and events ( such as transforming Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head ) .
Each character in this play , who is able to do magic , uses it in a different way , for example : to help ; for their own need .
Due to having fairies as characters , it adds magic as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
The magic of turning Bottom 's head into one of an ass ' , adds more humour to already the self - confident character of Bottom .
As well as for his need , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) namely Helena with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
In the book , Titania does n't seem to use her magic much , nevertheless , she uses it a few times .
Titania 's uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta would have beautiful children and live a happy , married life .
Their magic , like Oberon , is used to help people nevertheless not for themselves .
Also , the fairies language is magical as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they were in a fairy tale .
The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks which also shows another contrast between the humans and fairies .
This is how it creates magic and creates the setting as in William Shakespeare 's time , they did n't use many props .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' causing mystery and letting us think about what he means .
Shakespeare also uses the idea of magic in his conversations with other characters for example : when Titania speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nature many times .
After all the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream as there 's be no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
He adds the play ' Pyramus and Thisbe ' which is a bit like a mini play based on the storyline ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' as there are two lovers whose parents do n't permit their marriage .
When the ' mechanicals ' or workers change into their characters , it is a bit like magic .
The characters in the play like ' moonlight ' are basic ideas of transformations like ones that magic creates .
Nowadays most schools and universities are helping students to find their most suitable jobs .
Enterprises want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that so they are hands on the task .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a work involves .But sometimes universities gives them more theoretical formations instead of practical formation which enterprises are searching .
Generally speaking students finish their degrees with a limited range of experience .
Now a day 's we are having " n " number of International Sports , where one can prove their own talent and have their socialism .
As it 's a mind set game , the player need to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
To be a successful player one has to learn some tricks , which helps their game easier .
And last but not least as a player one has to keep in mind that , they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands , where instead of that one has to fight until the last mint of the game in order to decide whether the player is winner or loser .
Thus by boosting themselves lead to success .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant is my sister Sorina you met her at my party .She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible you will love to work with her .
She has lot of experience , she worked in a restaurant for 5 years and also can cook .
A student group use to meet at the College Theatre every Monday for watching films and afterward discuss about them , but you 're not alone !
Each Monday there is invited a different guest speaker to the Film Club for manage the discussion with a good drink thanks to the Coffee Bar special late opening .
On the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club for speaking about the film where they appeared " Saving Private Ryan " and their process to get involved into their characters for a real - like acting .
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break in your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends you ca n't lose this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start of the week .
Some people argue that , when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day!They would like to have a rest .
Playing in the sand burying people one another or making sandcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
La Cacharreriaes a tapas restaurant so you can choose lots of different , small dishes and share them .
I try something new each time I go there , but I often order the humus , I love it .
La Cacharrería has a disadvantage , you ca n't reserve a table and it is very popular .
Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights that do not let you rest .
Taking me as an example , I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
I sure do not get enough sleep but not a sleep disorder , if not , the pace of life I lead .
I definitely need to pay attention to these factors and that way I can see improvement .
So for now we must sleep well to be healthier .
To practise this sport first you have to meet someone who teaches you how to swim because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
If you try it you can do it .
Some people think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in accurate conditions .
Dear Mr .
During a meeting with head of the department in MOH I was complaining about service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to provide the required training for his all staffs , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
Next day I have received a call from one of the technician Mr. Humam Altannous ( who was compliant against us ) and asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or Contract ) .
He was not asking any Manual / trouble shooting instruction during our call what he mentioned in his email .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Most people prefer to watch reality programmes where people have to live with unknown people in order to gossip about them .
First of all , thanks to the internet you can meet or talk to people even if not by your site .
Transport has become faster and more convenient , and it can be attributed to lot of factors such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
People who travel daily to work , usually prefer public transport over own car as it is a cheaper option .
On the other hand if I would be travelling to see my friends or family in nearby town or just on holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
In future ; environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these transport mediums .
Countries today are trying to reduce their carbon footprints , they are trying to encourage public transport .
In my opinion , it is , probably , the base of the values of every society because our children from now will be the men or women of the future .
In Spain the vast mayority of schools are state schools .
I studied in a state school and I believe that I get a good education not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
From my point of view I feel like we are losing things so important as the effort to reach goals or respectful everyone .
Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together therefore the education is the only way to achieve it .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English is increasingly day a day .
Public transport means such are trains , planes and buses are known as the most cheap and used by all travelers , and the coast of using them is something that suits the people who earn not so much money .
The user of the transports mean are differ , the public ones are able to carry big number of travelers , where as the private means used by very little number of people .
This option may be applied on the cargo also .
Although facilities are well organised , they are too small since more and more people are becoming members of the club .
In my opinion Poland is beautiful country , so you will not be disappointed ! I would recommend you starting your trip in Poznan .
If so , I recommend you to explore Stołowe Mountains - in my opinion it 's the most beautiful place in Poland .
Hereby I am writing in reference to the advertisement published for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job
My name is Gerard Jones and rather than telling you that I always wanted to work with children .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , such as my other cousins whose ages remain as the required standard for going camping .
My expertise is to organise games for children , everybody enjoy the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team 's rivalry during the games .
I am also a talented cooker for kids , my view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach how to make basic dishes such as ommelettes , spaghetti and more .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun with my work for children , I consider myself very patient and I do care for children , in that order of ideas , I would like to apply for the job and if it 's possible , join your next camp in summer .
I appreciate your attention to this letter , do not hesitate to contact me in case you have any doubts
Nowadays there are many people who practise sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life , you focus on the competition and is like to have a rest from the cotidian life .
On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause several health problems and could lead you to death , only watching sports seems safer .
In conclusion , personally despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sit in your house and watching them .
It would be a great chance for your club to share my ideas to improve your facilities
Please refer to the good and bad points of your club in my view as below ,
The good points of the club are as below ,
The bad points of the club are as below ,
The temperature of the changing room is too low .
The problem about this mansion is that the same hides a lot of secrets and misteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners who are a family whose husband went to war and died so the real ocupants of the house are nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister anne who turns to be one of the most important characters of the film and their mother who is called grace and has a particulary obsession for catholisism .
The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession.however,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horror movie but at its final scene there is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
I would recomend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared scared because it is not as the resto of horror movies , it is a film in which you are continuely discovering secrets as if you where another character .
You will have a great time
At first this transport was appreciated marvelously .
Everyone felt so delighted but unfortunately now people feels uncomfortable when it comes to travel via public transport .
Today every single person is curious to earn money as much as they can and the interesting part is that this curiosity is increasing day by day so is their income .
So now almost 80 percent people can afford their own transport .
The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for the public transport , you can save your time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
Public Transport is slow now , even though they are very comfortable but unfortunately people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class would travel through public transport it would affect his respect .
But still there are so many people who use public transport frequently but that is only their compulsion and poverty .
When they would be financially stable they would surely buy their own vehicle .
It is a well known fact that transport is quite related with pollution .
Moreover , this has helped a lot of people especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
although it will be over cost in full , car service and effort of concentration on driving all of this negativity you can avoid it easily by using public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car you do not have to look after it you can do activities wail you are on it like reading or chatting with your friends or having important phone call
The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses now competing withe car 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
Most of all I enjoy playing volleyball and badminton .
I 'm absolutely convinced , everyone should realize that the most important is health and sport really can help .
Having lived during the century , which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , how will the home of the Future look ?
In my opinion parking charges are too high .
I am very lucky because not far from my home there are three parks so I can practise this sport whenever I want .
On the one hand , if you have money and a lot of free time you can spend all day dodging in the mall for only one , special kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
For me it is only a torture .
Also you can be robbed because in crowded places you can easily fall prey to pickpockets .
Otherwise you need to have time to walk through all the shops and find what you need , every thing on the rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
On the other hand if you find a real bargain and buy something in very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
For me it is not necessary because every seller gives the size of his product and then I can check if this thing will be good for me or not .
Also you can always return it like in the stationery stores .
There I can easily find what interests me , what is in my size etc .
For me it is easier and faster way to buy what I want , often in better price .
The first step is design which includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then move to the next step , preparation of metal plates , while skilled machinists is needed in this process .
Printing is quite related to the first two steps because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
I am pretty energetic , hard - worker and , also , I know to speak English really well and a bit of Italian language .
I have worked in activities out - of - school before and in other summer camps in the south of America too .
Thanks
Moreover the repeating is massive , I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called friends , ca n't you ?
Firstly , I must inform you that I am dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist because he forgot to place my wake - up call and as a result I overslept and I missed my flight .
The first time practicing Muay Thai was 5 years ago , at that time I was n't sure of practicing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most of the young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't practise Muay Thai and is not known .
Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sports but is not the most important thing , mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths are necessary , remember the body does what the mind commands .
Was hard at the beginning just like when you start doing something new , so here are some tips if you want to start practicing Muay Thai .
Muay Thai is a complete sport , you use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to do a big effort .
Practice makes better , do research about Muai Thai 's culture , do research about Muai Thai 's methods .
So If I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
Also I have some jobs experience that is relevant to Accounting .
This is a nervous and excited decision to me but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of the Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
He 's been doing great in both academic and extra curicular activities in the school .
As the tournament began he 's been getting a high points for his team because of that nice contribution they have won the game .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student however he 's been known as one of the popular students because he works voluntarily as a couch to the younger kids in his town .
the mistake is something you may do unintentionally however , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored whereas , sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
Michael was a teenager therefore was not mature as a an adult thus his decision were all emotional .
As soon as she entered the college gate everybody was smitten by her .
And they both had a great understanding however , this innocent girl had grabbed the attention of all the viewers similarly , the two .
The girl liked Michael 's friend Henry .
Michael could not digest this fact since he could not compromise on anything .
Michael thought of a dirty game he called , Henry at a birthday party and took him on the terrace and pushed him down .
Henry fell down and his head was injured Michael left him to bled profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body tried to look at his pulse rate but encountered that he was dead .
Later the girl discovered that Michael was all behind the incident .
After the inquiry Michael was put behind the bars and the girl went away .
And there could also be robots , why not ?
On the one hand we could live in a more relaxed way , on the other hand we colud think about settling on other planets .
Finally , you can think it will be a green , peaceful enjoyable world .
There is no secret , that everybody needs at least one person to share his troubles or happiness with .
Every day for we are looking for friends .
Your parents always maintain and defend you , they are happy just to see you - their child , the result of their love .
Until now all is normal in his life .
He did not want to earn much money , what he truly wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
Then Sergio left Mycrosoft , created his own website which gave him enough money and travelled wherever he want .
If we have extra time we can do the other activity whether you want .
At night , we can stay at home , as you said , and also we can buy chocolates and see a movie , that 's great for me !
Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't take me to your home on Friday evening , because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportations , at the cost of diminishing farmland , wetland as well as deforestation .
I want to tell you about the concert in my school , it was really cool .
My friend Make showed me how best to play the role of snow White , it was very funny .
We had hard days also , we argued , but then quickly put up .
During the concert one boy forgot the text and began to improvise .
The course is going to finish so the teacher want that we go out to a restaurant .
Therefore I want to say a special thanksgiving to our teacher .
If the weather is n't good enough they can find a lot of cafes opened from morning until late night and here , if they are old enough they can also order alcholics .
At the " Soft Notes " you can ear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
In this place there are guys and girls attending pedagogy organize activities to entratain children of every age .
In the moment of choosing , very different aspects like ecological effects , the economic viability and even time uses , take part on the decision .
However , the economic aspect is very important to consider when we talk about convenience , cars are the most expensive ones .
To sum - up , neither cars nor public transport is considered the perfect option , but considering long term consequences as is nowadays common in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up properly , the hear ...
For example , in work interwies and work that have a direct contact with the public it is better to use a for or smart style .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
In cities like United Sates of America where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
The future of the public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on were do you position your point of view , in Mexico maybe will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now in agony .
But moment later she found a second letter about the same shape .
It appers that at the fountain stay Chuck and waiting for her .
When she come closer he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
She was run out of words and just nod her head what it means : " yes " .
At the end of the day she said : " You 're right .
Sarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice and hear that so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
But he did n't aware that the traffic light has turned red so the car could n't go through .
Luckily Sarah was fine due to the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
Katniss the protagonist is a teenage girl 16 which is forced to poach to feed his family since his father died
However does the claim really ring true , conforming the real situation ?
It is my contention that the people , who have the ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances have higher percentage be successful in school or work .
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast pace changing world and the text book can not catch up with it , knowledge is changing from time to time .
Previously , the most women used to get a baby after the wedding with their partners , but today , it is not so important anymore .
Actually the teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
Apart from this the small difference between the ages is also an advantage .
On the other hand a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their babies without having experience on that .
In my age young parents and I have in common that we go out in the evenings .
From my point of view older parents can give better advice in every difficult situation .
However the progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life so I believe both are good at bring up their children .
" I can't ... do it " he slammed his head on the desk .
" I ca n't "
" Tom . Tom . Tom . Tom " it said .
He turned the note to see something
" 1992 - 2015 "
If somebody in my family ask me to help I need to know the whole true without any potential lies .
On the other hand there is one other most important thing in my life- health .
In conclusion I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life that the other one .
I will always choose the health , because when a person is healthy he or she can do everything .
There are some solutions to prevent the rise in the consumption of sugar sweetened drinks .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out that the most consumption of beverages for a teenager per day is sugar sweetened soft drinks .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are main soft drinks consumers and the most consumption of beverage is sugar sweetened drinks .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in a such natural way , that the reader must exclaim undoubtedly , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Homes ' investigation : « That 's it !
Coyle 's right ! »
Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincere and close to each other more than these virtual frienships prevailing today .
I have a personal experiment backs to 1987 , in this year I had started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
The surprise is today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond to each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp , of course , we no longer can wait for thirty days while we can chat and see each other live .
In my country I have two sincere friends since we were about 7 years old and we still in a strong friendship up till now .
The best of all in real frienships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions , he will be the same to you .
As I am in my late 20s I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would neither be so competitive as those in fashion in my country nor demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
One fine summer day I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
However the latest studies shows a car is not always more efficient .
As there are cases where car is much more efficient than public transport and other way round .
The recent studies found , that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient by combining a bike with a train .
In addition travelling by train saves a great deal of money as there is no parking fee .
Moreover there are discounts for regular journeys .
Although , there are some disadvantages of using a car such as traffic jams and a high maintenance cost .
All in all , in most cases using your own car can save you money , time and effort .
Therefore it has a safe place in our society .
However there are those who reject this and are in favour of the use of public transport .
Firstly , it allows you to go directly somewhere without finding out the information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
Although it has some benefits , in most part of the country , especially in the smallest towns the public transport is not enough developed .
In my opinion it could be useful hardly ever times , so it would be necessary a great amount of improvements .
First , I want to present myself my name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
I 'm a cheerful person so I would attempt to give my best for receiving the attention of the children .
Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking so I would take care of the children and I would do my tasks the best I could .
In this article I am going to write about my favourite sport football .
It 's really fun when we are playing different cups , Gothia for example .
And try to be a part of the team , then it 's more fun .
Of course you can be angry but it 's not a big deal .
well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nigth because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finish my whole rutine so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax so I would say that nigth is the most relaxing part of my day so it is the one I prefer the most
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
This centre offer several activities like swimnpool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
In my point of view it is a good situation because the children can do different after school activities without moving too much .
I want to emphasize that thanks to his full schedule and amount of the coaches , adults like children can do different activities at the same time instead to have to wait .
This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for this kind of people like petanque or something like that .
Finally to say that is a perfect sports centre and inexpensive including a range of activities .
A friendship that ends , never started
When you are in a hopeless situation they have the right counsel .
David looks bored at the first moment but in fact he is wetty .
David is always ready for a joke but amazinly that he has the ability to appear seriously .
When we meet us and the two friends were walking side by side they look like Laurel and Hardly .
It really feels like you are i a five star Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 meters above the ground .
There might be many reasons , for school , business , or just for private interest .
In my personal experience I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when I 'll go abroad on holiday .
I suggest having all youngsters , who want to learn another language , they ought to go abroad .
If you would like to spend some time travelling my country Spain is a fantastic place , because the weather is good most of the year .
There are beautiful cities to visit like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and all the cities of Andalucia , the south of Spain .
In Andalucia the people are cheerful and welcoming with tourists .
I , m from Córdoba so i tell you about the most famous sights in my city .
The main attraction in Córdoba is the Mosque , it is a building where are mixed arabic and catholic elements .
Out of the Mosque you can see Narrows streets with flowers and a Roman Bridge , it is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing prom .
For a job i recomended you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job in the beach because at the sime time you are in the beach you could obtain money .
In a hurry he dashed to the microphone and answered the control station .
I enjoyed playing basketball not only because I wanted to play a sport but even because it 's a healthy way of leaving .
If you are playing a sport you improve your abilities went your working in a team in which all the players have the same aim from the game : winning the match .
The most important thing that ya person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is requested because you must know how to reach how to get nearer to make their aim become reality , and that one is that the team should score as much as they can to win the match and have fun .
In my opinion this sport will always be my favourite because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also maintained me in good shape .
In my opinion I am the perfect candidate for this vacancy .
First I have achieved a good level of English because I have lived in the UK from July 2012 .
If you need reference about me you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
Second , critical thinking which is the deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor of successful research .
Also , honesty , originality which is the ability to think critically , independent and creative , and precision let research to be more valuable .
Such as , ideas and learning more the best methods to analyze data .
In my opinion , I prefer to travel by car for those reasons .
Immediately I contacted their manager , asking If they could do with some help .
They turned out to be such a wonderful people , they treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the time and even invited me to eat dinner with them .
On the day of the concert , I met band two hours before start , I ironed all clothes , I even do girls hairstyle .
I was dancing and singing all show , and after manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that when people try to use public transport rather that their own cars .
Hopefully you 're able to visit the site .
It takes hours driving to and from , hours where one just have to concentrate on driving , hours gone futile .
On the other hand it will lead to more driving , because smarter driving reduces the cost per mile of vehicle usage .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell the self - driving system is good to prevent accidents .
However you should still be able to drive by yourself you can not only rely on that system it is still not free from errors .
The italian name , Colosseo is quite close to english .
I am writing to you in order to candidate for a position of person , who organise a Film Club in your language school .
I prefer to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way both I improve my English and relax .
Computers help us in organizing our data , also you can find any information you want very fast as it has lots of search engines .
A lot computers advertise their goods on the Internet so millions of people would know it - computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Finally , in my opinion computers is very useful to all of us .
That was the key to open the treasure trunk , full of golden options .
As his mother he would work as an advocate .
Sadly Peter was no longer there .
Now we are spending too much time in waiting for public transport and of course we would like to get our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such possibility for us .
Furthermore we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feelings of our independence .
But this is an exception because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we would at present day .
for instance , one day I was walking in the garden when I saw a girl falling down from a children swing in a playing area , I helped her immediately , after I was sure enough that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident , she thanked me a lot .
for example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university , I was not realizing that until I returned home . while I was on my way to the university , my little sister praying for me to finding out my phone .
so , in my opinion children when they are witness always want to help strangers .
If you 're not for it you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same direction .
Besides this way you can have an exciting start in Madrid .
If you get lost in the metro do n't worry .
AS we know our planet 's condition is getting worse every day .
Because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things in our planet such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
The global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences , therefore we can do countless things that appear to be meaningless but if everyone does it we can live in a much healthier planet .
Every day scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are hable to pollute less the planet .
It sounds a little bit strange but by installing solar paniels and other features in these homes we live a much greener life , undoubtedly there would be some changes but because we know why we are doing it there would be no problems .
Also the effects of those actions would be gigantic and would help improve the environment situation nevertheless we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred so that we can all work for a greater objective .
In my opinion in a decade we will be living in these homes , I ca n't wait to live it
With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind thinking about what is the best pass or when you have to run or stop .
If you want to start to play football my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you can hurt your bones or muscles .
In order to be fit , you can run or ride a bike for two or three weeks and after that , you are going to be prepared to play football .
To improve your skills you can practise alone and you will became better than before .
I'm very excited!I'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time but I 've already made some plans about it .
First of all I 'd love to visit new places .
Would you mind making a list of places you like the most ? .
Moreover I need to organise a tandem to improve my English but if it would n't work I could attend an English course .
Do you know any languages school?They're very expensive so I will need more money .
In the meantime what about helping me to find a part - time job ?
My favourite museum is the Hermitage that is in the heard of my city .
Like to Asia countries , such as : Korea , China , Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive to all students , especially for the primary students .
They have to study a lot with from 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
Therefore , outside the school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classes , such as : math , writing , grammar , … .
Consequently , Vietnamese children have not any life skills and have many health problems , such as : short - sighted , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted tend to increase in recent years .
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman because you does n't only use your strength but also your equilibration .
You should give a try to this amusing and thrilling sport that it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit difficult ..
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things : In summer I always go to the mountains , in my grandparents ' house , where I get fun with my uncles and cousins .
In winter is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the near peaks : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slops , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
Just before the assets get the journalist Jason Bourne helps him to escape .
If you 'd like to see it I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really wish to watch it again .
As you know I was really busy last month .
In the end all went fantastic .
Throughout my life I lived in a few cities and villages located in South of Russia .
In villages the only way of public transportation is small buses , most of which can service up to twenty passengers in any moment of time .
In regional centers most people commute via trolleybuses and tramcars .
Now , in November , weather in Russia is not so good so I switched back to buses .
Hello my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeen .
I still go to high school where I study four languages , French , Spanish , English and Italian .
Thanks to my mom , to travels and to the people I 've met I 've learnt how to speak fearless and quite fluently in English .
I 've had a little bit of experience in summer baby sitting some kids ; in Italy it is more diffiult to be a babysitter because if you are underage , parents should have responsibility on you so it is better to be over 18 .
I love playing with kids but as always there are some rules that have to be followed .
During those few times with which I built my experience we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in an Italian way .
Honestly I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can make a few good things like scarbled eggs , pasta and meet .
One of my carachteristics is that I 'm a very precise person , for example I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , endes well .
With this reliance you can go throughout everything together .
Many people think , it 's not really a sport .
Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone use their car every day especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
It is more convenient to move from here to there when you take the bus or subway because you do n't have to worry about your car while working .
For these reasons , there will be the future for the public transport always .
I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kind of sports activities such as swimming and riding .
As soon as the languages I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and Germany fluenly and recenly I have passed the First certificate in English .
First , the development of population still continue , the space for living still a serious problem although , the skyscraper already solved the most of problems from population crisis .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population ; however , the building will produces more pollution when the skyscraper constructs by modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
Second , the computer system looks like solves the most of problems ; however , this system make more dangerous in specific situations .
This is normal phenomenon in Taiwan ; however , police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
By doing the chores of the house like the washing is another way to exercise as well .
In my opinion the best way to develop your new friendship is , meeting them , have a coffee a drink or whatever .
To tell you frankly a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and what is more it is important say no sometimes .
For all of these reasons we have to take care our friendship theses days and social networks are ok to be in touch with your friends but if you wo n't to make new ones .
And meet new people .
I arrived to Spain on Sunday morning , It was a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
Monday , I had the typical " family day " , I had been eating with all my family in our cottage .
My family is catholic so in Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday , for my family too .
I 'm catholic , I believe in God but I 'm not very friendly with the Vaticano 's rules .
These two day were family days , I had to go to the church to a mess which represent the last alive days from Jesuschrist : the last dinner and the passion .
In my opinion public transport is the future , because its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be easier to move and cheaper too .
Imagine to go by car to cities like London , is it the car more convenient ?
In the last few years public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and places .
On the other hand , is possible to find hibrid cars but they are more expensive than those that works with normal fuel and for that reason people 's first option is not this kind of car .
A country has to pay for their ecological foot and this means as much pollution is produced more environment damage , in other words bigger ecological foot , and consequently more has to be paid .
So the convenience of travelling by car is not totally true .
Of course you are owner of your time and destinations , but it is enough ?
Think about its impact on your espences and on the environment , would n't be better to take a bus , an underground or a train ?
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteer , was talking about this project the last week , she suggested we to join it .
I have working in different activities like this , for example in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
At second , there are some researches that prove that in general people who read are smarter than people who do not .
In general all the things described before show how important is reading to exercise the brain .
First I was really impressed by the performance of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and for that really enjoyable .
On top of that was there tension at all times .
This movie is outstanding , I believe that even people who are not really into thrillers will enjoy watching it .
At last is the character of Hannibal Lecter one of a kind , there is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
I had learnt the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London as well as the lifetime of William Shakespeare .
As it cost very little to get into an open - aired theatre , everyone jammed and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt while the rich sat in the shelter with an extra shilling paid .
One more interesting fact is that , both the lovers in the play were Italians but their playwright had never been to Italy .
The play lover , King James I was impressed and became the patron of the Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
My village has been working on this project for decades they have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort we started from the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash can for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( rest of food , paper , carton … ) another for plastics and the last one for glass .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy , that provide part of the energy to each house the days that the sun shines but if there is no sun the village has a dam beside us which provides them enough with water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only we have hydraulic energy but also wind energy ; in the out skirts of the village there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Also our water has one of the best purification methods after we use it we clean it so we do n't contaminate the water of the river or dam .
To try to keep the environment clean we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking all the rubbish and controlling the whole area in case there is something not normal .
Apart from this group of voluntaries every person of the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as minimum as possible here the bicycle is the most famous way of transport car are n't common they are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Therefore it compares the purchase price , the warranty expenses and the running costs of each product .
Interestingly the pruchase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
In " Cardas " case the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is vagualy $ 700 .
However " Sebu " rocks with a pruchase price of $ 1,000 .
In this category " KD " exeeds with cost of $ 200 .
" Cada"s product has the highest running costs with $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " the running charges come only up to $ 800 and " Sebu " has obviously the lowest expenses with $ 600 .
As a long term investion I would choose " Sebus " model even its purchase price is very high .
Many people claim , that wearing fashionable clothes is very important .
Two days before Peter received a letter of someone saying to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
Two years ago , Peter 's father died so Peter was the only one that knew where was the treehouse .
Peter ran into his father 's arms but he disappeared and he promised himself that he never ever would tell anyone about the secret .
I do not think that no future for public transport because not all the people can have a car , especially , poor people in the developing country .
Ater natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed in large - scale , there is no close places with beautiful scenes to visit .
For animals , they are a part of nature , where is the home for them .
We are however conscious of the financial difficulties that young people face today , it is for this reason that we propose the following idea .
This could be the greatest experience of your life , do n't miss it ! !
In addition I am very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
Finally I want to let you know both of my references are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
This year I decided to clean the local forest with my family .
First , we thought that will be good to plant trees but it 's easier to make this .
Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because when the forests are cleaned , forest fires hardly happen .
It will sabe lots of plants and animals , it will save the environment , so it will save me and you .
By saving the environment , you are saving your life
For sure her friends were preparing a big surprise .
Firstly , just after she had went into the school they greeted her with million colofull balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
Then she had to go for class so every balloon was sent to the sky what made a beautiful view .
Eventually they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexceptable .
In my point of view I recommend you to stop going to sport classes , because I think music classes are better because you can also get a job in a orchesta or something like that .
Also you can work such an athletic and you can obtain a big amount of money but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
So yes , I recommend you to carry on with your music classes but if you prefer to do sports I will support you also .
I do n't know which of them you like more but I am sure that you like one more than the other , so if you want to be a basketball player do n't give up with it .
So that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation but you are the one that have to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
This study project will be developed studying
To ensure safety wearing safety shoes is the most basic measure .
For example , in the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear face mask when the machine is on to protect from hitting by the tube with high pressure air , likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
A life , being unseen to humans eyes .
The movie was stoning , some of the plots were rather shocking .
Before I moved to Canada .
Now from books , movies , I knew some of the most influence movements , I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaking man .
I knew the first person who ended the segregation at southern was a 9-year old girl .
What if I was an African- American , what if I was born during the segregation time .
What would I do for my county .
I was born and raised in China , being a Chinese , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers had done to us during World War II .
I have no idea why we had to learn those legends which were full of darkness , torture and violences .
It was the first day of Max 's School excursion to the Patagonia , they had arrive there yesterrday night but , today was the day they would actually go exploring .
They left early in the morning , everyone in the trip was very excited .
As soon as they got to the base of the mountain trail everyone filled up their water bottle and began walking .
Halfway through the trip Max heard a wierd noise close by and he decided to see what was going on , but before he knew it he was all alone .
The noise continued so he decided to see what was happening , As he turned the corner he found himself looking at a puma that was badly injured .
He followed the trail until final he was able to catch up to the class .
So overall I would recommend this documentary to everybody because all the people must know what we are doing with the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
Because for me the practitioner 's safety is the one of the most important thing as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Dear Mr Smith :
My cooking abilities are not good enough but I can learn cooking quickly .
Two weeks ago he knew a beautiful girl in Linkedin .
This would cause a global warming causing the winter disappearance .
The same day he asked to his Science teacher if this would probably happen on a future .
When Tom has arrived home , he has explained to their parents all related to the campaign and they have been very happy
I am the eldest of four brothers and sisters and I have been used to take care of them , when my parents were at work , especially because I love babysitting !
Maybe the shape of homes will not change as much , as the internal .
For sure the main role in every home will play technology .
Everything will be working remotely , lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to programme everything by time , day , month and so on .
Unfortunately we ca n't know that for one hundred percent .
One year ago Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , from the film " Sleeping beauty " .
The film is about Maleficent that become bad because she is abuse by Stefan , her true love .
Later stefan becomes King and decide batter down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
Finally Maleficent overpowers Stefan .
At the end Aurora lives with Maleficent in the magic forest .
As I think , learning likes a weapon for any individual which enables him to be like a champion .
Learning has no end , We spend all of our lives learn from circumstances we face .
But it means to improve your skills , your talents .
Always remember that , " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what he has learned in school " Albert Einstein said .
Kunta was not only a great man in the Gambia but a hero .
In this era , there are many types of public transport using by people , for example : bus , train , monorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , and so on .
Through all of these points , it is not faulty to say that is the public transport still available and very useful in our daily life , even there are a lot types of cars , which are more convenient .
It is very friendly transportation where the people from all places , meet in one transport and they can make a relationship between them .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too because I have helped in many events at my school .
I am writing to apply for one of the positions of camp monitors you advirtised in the last Monday 's Daily news , I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
I am 18 years old , and I am quite selfconfident and a reliable person , I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I handle well with young children .
I have been working in several camps during the last year for this reason I have some relevant experience in this area , in addition I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children in activities related to sports and cooking .
For all the different aspects described before I believe I would be suitable for this post .
If you require any further information do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
I 'm not a sportsman , I like watching basketball , tennis , football , but my favorite sport is the running .
A lot of people like it , because I think so , it is the cheapest sport .
We need only an amazing runnigshoes , and that 's all , ok ... ,
we need at least 45 minute , per day , or at least 3 times a week .
For me it is like a meditation . I can think about everything , or nothing .
It is very good for the circulation , the running helps me to be in good shape .
Buy a good shoes , and first time 5 minutes running is enough !
Go every second day , run in your own rhythm , and the next week you can do more ! ... and a day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
It offers a delicious Egyptian menu which provides enough dishes to cover all tastes , as an example , their delicious fresh eggplant traditional salad .
What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ; with a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds up to the flavor of their food .
In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table that could fit ht whole class , professionally named , the meeting table .
Many thanks and I hope for a wonderful trip regardless of the restaurant voted for .
Although it was not easy to get used to such teaching style , it did not take long for me to realise what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doing so .
Nobody would argue the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable virtues , such as massproduction , information and communication devices as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
Rules are pretty simple but the game is quite tough , you'll hurt yourself really bad .
It says the bravery of men is reckoned by the number of scars on his body except on his back , because they thought to be dead in the field is far better than retreating .
So I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value which is giving high rank to bravery .
it can be very strange but i was very exited , because ,
on this date the BBC released the new series of Doctor who ...
the Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions that are normally humans . in his experiences he saved whole planets to other bad aliens .
I think Doctor Who is totally different from other science fiction films , it always has done the unthinkable , the impossible , things that no one else has even dreamed of .
! if,(one day)I will have the possibilty to do it I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
in my opinion this serie was wonderful and , i hope for the next one !
We recommend you to consider the electronic content available through these library subject guides
She was trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she had felt herself still unready to keep a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed to the B2 level in reading and listening while in speaking and writing the level she had joined doing a specific test was only the B1 .
Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti because our stove will do it better than every Italian cook .
As my sister constantly says You 're lucky because you have a memory of a goldfish You remember absolutely nothing .
In contrast to my sister ( she has an extraordinary memory ) I forget everything easily and keep looking for new emotions and adventures .
A year ago an idea of beginning a blog encountered me as advice from an English teacher .
I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English The third bird will be my hatred to writing .
Such tasks made my family busy for an evening and anyway I always had a poor mark .
So my dear blog ( I heard it 's the way I have to interact with it ) You will be about nothing .
He : lol I think I will win :P you wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
I have so much nothing in my head to write about
According to these changes people will change , their way of life will as well .
The Earth orbit , the Moon , maybe Mars - all will be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap for it .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait a specific time and you can go somewhere but when you travel in public transport you must wait to the time when the public transport could catch you .
In public transport you must go to the points in the route .
I am very glad to read this good news , it is the first step for the final result and I will try to do my best to give you useful information for your interview .
The day of the event dress not to formal but also not to informal .
When you come here send me a text .
In my opinion it is so really exciting because you are constantly thinking where the girls are or who can be the kidnaper .
At any case , in my opinion it is a great film which many people would enjoy if they see it .
On the one hand it can be funny to imagine and create the story of how everything happened formerly .
Well , it keeps my fit , but not my body in the first case , it 's good for my brain .
Some people think young people spend enough time to help their communities ; however , others disagree with the idea .
The world becomes more and more competitive , young people have to spend much time to cultivate themselves to survive in this society .
They have to do full time job at day time , and have a part time job at night .
So , in Russian print the name of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
First translations appear in the end of 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually because they are made from German or French and the translators change plots as they want ( and turn them into some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia in a meantime appears to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet torture 's completely unbearable ) .
By 1855 only six plays has left non - translated .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin takes his English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
In the poetical drama Masquerade by other famous Russian poet Mikhail Lermontov we clearly read Othello 's features .
Since that time Shakespeare has been one of our favorite artists .
We love his simplicity and veracity , we adore his multiplicity and fantasy , we appreciate his straightness and audacity , we prize his delicacy and his funny bone of course !
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could meet up later how you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't put up this kind of person who who is in late always .
On Saturday morning I had to working and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the city centre at the exact time .
I got cold feet I could n't understand what was happening .
I was supposed to we were going to have a lunch together but he was going to come later .
Despite all I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until laura came to town .
Finally yesterday at night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang I went to opened the door and outside was , my friend Matus .
At the beginning I did n't want to talk with him but on second thought all people deserve a second chance .
All in all , He apologized and at the end everything is solved
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located in a patio of an old building in the zocalo , the type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and this trees covers the diners when they are eating .
If you want a different and unique restaurant you need to go Azul Historico , because it has a delicious food , some times have a regional music and the service are excellent .
Furthermore I should probably mention the enormous amount of advertisements that every single day people are forced to watch once they have switched on this box .
As a matter of fact televiewers are not able to decide the palimpsest , but they still can decide to switch the television off .
Well , there are a lot of different opinions but I 'm not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in the letter , I have studied International trade degree and a degree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School during four years .
Also I have a degree in IT for the Google University , I did that course online .
I have been working in Harrod 's during five years as a shopper assistant and now I am working in the Apple Store of Covent Garden as floor manager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am searching the chance to working your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and your company won last year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profit every year .
Yours sincerely .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts form news on TV but it very often happens that some information are left in the background whereas less important information are spread in their place .
My main tasks were : taking care of children aged 10 - 15 , organising events such as parties , swimming competitions , outside sports matches etc . , and overall I was in charge of preparing and cooking meals for more than 50 people .
Currently I am very interested in working in the States in order to improve my English level .
In march of 2014 I got my First Certificated English Level and I would be delighted to up my level and get the Advance Level and this chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
For all these reasons I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of it .
Yours sincerely .
Over decades music is the eternally art which develop day by day .
We need music in most of our times or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression , that can affect us and prevent ourselves from doing the best .
Which has many branches and types , those are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people over the world are share it .
For example , In Northern Sudan people have been used " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
Internationally , the kinds of music are many , however , most of them share the same instruments .
In particular the Piano is a universal tool that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the Orchestra .
Last and not the least , music is a sort of treatment to those who are suffering , so regardless of it 's type or nationality it 's a kind of medicine to the soul .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods as the inquisition , the knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies since the knowledge through books had become a threat to continue underpinning their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although , some ideas were maintained ; ( for instance , the astronomy by Galileo Galilei ) the book - burning caused a delay in the knowledge because if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the printing mobile types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowledge recovering significant books from Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues that spread their ideas to more people becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
In addition , it was produced the collective readings through the ecclesiastical method with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in the books to all social classes .
On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet in which the access to the knowledge is easier and faster leaving aside books .
People die , but books never die " it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time taking into account that that knowledge uprising is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the entrance of the information ; for instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was accommodated to the political and religious thought of the speaker ; so , the most efficient and objective way to transmit the knowledge was by books and it was not possible because of the burning .
In contrast , nowadays , the books are not necessary at all ; because of the internet network facilitate even more the knowledge .
That is why ; I could accommodate the phrase by Franklin saying that " the knowledge can not be killed by people because the knowledge is infinite . "
According to the CDC the percentage of children age 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years on the Unitated States .
This means that in the past tree decades obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , ashtma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and muskuloskeletal problems .
A lot of kids grow with a different way to think just because the damage that the little ones can cause , one example can be the famous " bullying " , the principal way that kids use to annoy the ones that looks different .
So money , today , are really important in our life and in this case rich people are very lucky .
In fact above all about rich families the children are in trouble with their family , above all when they have their parents separated .
Also most of the children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money of their family , and they grow up with the thing that they want more and more things .
So in this case the money are more important than other things .
So in my opinion today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more to feel good with your family and with yourself .
I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids , I 've experienced all kinds of situtions so I think they wo n't be a problema for me .
I 'm also very good at sports , I practice trak & field and pingo pong so sports are n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person so I will be very happy with the accomodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
I am 16 years of age and due to having a sister I really like working with children and also know their interest well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competition , therefore I believe that I am suitable for the job .
Furthermore I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good on combining my experience in swimming with my wide knowledge of the countryside which I think it will be interesting for the children .
That morning his grandmother went to the hospital because she had to do a surgery and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 's bored and she could n't get off the bed for a few days .
So Peter went home to take his wallet but before that he decide to take a nap because he was tired so he started to sleep but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him at the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
Unfortunately the hospital was already closed to the visitors so he had to wait the next morning .
In the future everyone will be able to go on holiday all around the world since the transport will be faster and cheaper .
since decades man preferred to use another way of transporting than his own foot .
Scientists could provide in the past years new transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
Many people assured that they are preferring using their own cars , but they were being forced to use the Public transport for many reasons such as , the complexities they are facing with the driver 's license , in addition to the fuel high cost .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes especially in winter while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be another important reason that raise the private transport scores than the public one , which is molestation .
Also , I learned that you have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quite a difficult task I liked that teacher trusted me .
To start with , you must decide , what kind of shopping do you prefer and how much money you have .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd rather go on Khreshatik street .
I often buy second - hand old - fashioned jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets and shoes .
In conclusion I have to say , that in Kiev you can find everything , if you really want to .
As soon as we open our eyes every day , we begin to use technology such as alarm , cell phone and light .
The more technology we use the more important it is .
I can call my dad who live in New York now then call my friend living in Norway after first call .
It ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only voice and message but also video call , now .
Technology is one of important part in our life , which has made life more convenient .
As a person said ' ' Sitting near a computer , you will get the world . ''
When you ca n't breathe in your life you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened music with your cellphone or watched some funny videos after all things that bothered you .
Technology has changed our life in many ways which brings many advantages for us such as convenience , easy to connect friends and easier to contract entertainment .
In conclusion , in these three premises I consider that technology and science is important rather than art and music .
If somebody wanted to play a soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to have a stretching because soccer is very active sport so always has a possibility to be injured .
Nowadays , many people have their own favorite sports but people are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sport .
She looked around the living room , and surprised , how many was people there .
Then she and her friends went out , and walked through all the town until early morning .
For example , ours capital city Prague there are many historical buildings like Carl 's bridge , Cathedral of St. Vit , big clock called Orloj and so many others .
If you prefer to go to nature I can recommend you ours mountains Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
For example , near Prague is castle called Karlštejn where lived Karel IV . or castle called Buchlovice which is on south - east of your country near the city Uherské Hradiště .
If you would like to ask something or get to know more information about some place just let me know .
I am the eldest of my family so I had to take care of my sisters and cousins .
the first martial art that I proved was tae kwon doo and I practice for 5 years , after that i started kung fu and i m still there .
i have been practicing gymnastics during 4 months and fascinated with it , i like to be tired for doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily , if its not gymnastics it 's kung fu .
I like those sports because you need much strength and dedication to be getting better , I like kung fu weapons and handsfree forms , to do something spectacular in kung fu you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked , many did not because they did not know well what it was but after living it for yourself you realize that are very beautiful sports .
After authorizing my credit card administration , I tried to renew it , but again there was the same message of error .
First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and mush better is a memeber of the family .
On the other hand there are a lot of disadvantages of owing a pet in big citiew .
I have heard abou pets that they get sick by living in a small apartment in down town and that is terrible .
In my opinion it might seems good to have a pet if we are teke care of it .
All in all , qing a pet in a big city must be done carefully ensuring all that a pet needs .
Good authors I think have to be able to find the way to keep together these to important aspects .
Environmental protection for instance , or more practically the correct use of the water in our houses .
Several contents could have an educative value , for example those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
All these topics by using creativity and new technologies can be faced in a way to make them soft and adapt to entertain .
It is called " 76 people are confirmed dead in Colombian plane crash " .
For example , regularly examine the situation of airplanes is needed , at the same time , teaching people how to act when facing the emergency .
First of all , you need to preview .If you do this and you 'll have a clear idea about what are you going to learn in class .
Taking care of our environment is considered for many of us one of the most important things in our lives .
Everybody knows what separate rubbish into different bins means but , big part of the society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that does not recycle .
I would answer to them that , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made of recycled materials allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycle , which is the following one : The biggest waste of energy take part in primal resources industries , if we reuse all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce at least half of its costs .
The chilis restaurant at 123 street , Toronto is really a great place to hang out .
The Scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . if you want to have a lip smacking dessert this is the ultimate place .
If you want to have a quiet cozy dinner you can sit at the table in the corner .
Whereas if you are going in there to party with friends or watch a game you get a table at suitable place . I believe that if we all could go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
It was just the number of union members so in fact , there more secondhand clothing stores in Edo .
Another point is that , the cloth was more valuable than now .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan , the recycling system was forgot for a long time .
Media or also known as mass media is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what happens all around the world in each matter such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights and so on .
Nowadays we can easily get information which we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
As European citizens we are bounded directly or indirectly with the loads of social problems and issues in Europe so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
So that we can be active citizens and help the EU continuing developing
Nevertheless Today I usually go to the cinema when I really want to watch a particular film .
Nowadays I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scrips and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Director 's films like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo o Alex de la Iglesia .
On the one hand Comedies are my favourites ones because I have to laugh when I have finished my work .
But on the other hand I have to get used to go to the cinema as often as I can , but I wish cinema will be cheap .
Once I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not managed to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day , despite thatI was happy for getting rid of crowd and shops .
There are some assistants who if you ask or even do not ask , they start suggesting the best their products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , it is often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants , who eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
I 'm glad you moved , I haven't got round to finding time to share with you .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mornings I 'm very busy at work .
If I were you I would pick up the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthy and of course you should forget those delicious cakes you use to make !
The football is the most beautiful sport in the world , it 's the profession dream of almost all the boys when they are kids , when you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increment your passion supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team reach the glory , you can also feel that , and in this moments you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to join the love and passion when you feel when you are playing or watching a match of football , and if you share this love with another person the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second you can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
There are lots of interesting sports but there is normally one that you like the most .
In my case is not really a sport in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a big physical effort .
You have to be a disciplined and well - balanced person , that 's it .
The start is the hardest part considering that your body is not used to do this kind of sport ; however , once you are in it everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group therefore you meet people and you can make a friendship after a while .
You must not be in your own , otherwise you could not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that , make a strong relationship forever .
I encourage everyone to try it , I am sure you will become a better person .
I did not find it hard at all , as a matter of fact , it was easier than I thought .
If are not used to do it you can make a mistake , and then it is when the sport became dangerous .
After a few lessons you will be able to go diving on yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that provides you this sport .
Without any doubt our life is changed quickly and we do not realise about this .
Although , cars will be better than now , they will not fly yet .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's live will change in the next years but , these changes will help to improve our environment and our dairy life .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant procedure but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
Shopping may cause frustration mainly , when we have to squeeze through the crowd .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming , is also most serious issue ; world is facing today .
There are scientific evidences , that calamities like Katrina , Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
As global warming can have such serious impacts on life on Earth .
Government & Individual both have role to play , in facing this biggest challenge of the Time , Earth is facing .
My name is Stela , I am 36 years old and my English is very good .
I am a very hard working person , organised , calm and friendly person .
I have two kids one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old so I have plenty experience with kids .
He hoped a lot of students could join this activity so he makes a rule which is if you take your friends ' writing you can get 1 dollar per writing .
I thought no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar for prize .
I told them , you can just write no matter what you write .
One day Michael entered his company and his employee happily told him , we got many responses .
Academic culture refers to the attitudes , values and that are shown by the people who work or study in universities .
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) I have found vast differences in teaching method between Nepal and Australia .
In Nepal students study individually , do not ask questions with the tutor even if they are confused .
At first I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups used to hesitate while sharing my ideas , opinion but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two way learning process in which members of group feel easier to discuss the content .
It helps to share the ideas , knowledge , among the students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing and so on .
In the future I will enhance learning strategies by working actively in group .
If we go to Bierkeller we wo n't regret and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and be happy as a group
For many years Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes , which are driving from self and nobody can steer the car .
First of all self driving cars are good for people who have got a handicap .
At the moment people who has got a handicap can not drive a car on theirself .
When this people can drive a self driving car the feel more comfortable and the can live more freely .
Similarly important is the fact that self driving cars are more saftier as no self driving cars .
Self driving cars are steered by a very modern software and this software is so exactly that the number of accidents will be decline .
In contrast self driving cars are very expensice and much people can not buy it .
Self driving cars are very modern and drive with a very highly technically software .
In the future this can make a highly gap between poor and rich people .
This is the reason why self driving cars can be in the near future only something for rich people .
The automobilindustries have to work on a plan that self driving can be bought by people oft he middle class too .
When this will be going on self driving cars can be an enrichment for our life .
I really recommend every young people to visit there once when you have time although it might be better to avoid the weekends
these are very cheap and people who do not have a car use it to move everywhere . however , this transport isnot so comfortable because sometimes you must travel with lots of people .
people use their car for travel a long o short distance , this is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
In my country for instance , people starts playing football at the very early age .
Finally , football is like all sports very good for health .
So , it might cause some injuries .
Why do I enjoy running ? .
If you want to practise this sport , you can simply take a couple of sneakers , and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
There is no need of expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you , and a place safe and with enough space .
Sometimes , they are happy , sometimes they are sad
Like we all know technology is making the best of it .
This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by more and better modifications are made to car .
Imagine the future , will public transport still be used ?
I hope that my report helped you , and Active Leisure Club will improve its facilities .
There are plenty of choice , novel , historic , drama or comedy .
Also , there are different form to read , I mean , you can read a book or an ebook .
This book has a very fluent plot what makes that Vanity fair was one of the best novel .
When you read a book you ca n't stop to read it
One night he went to a party with his colleagues .
I heard that you were working in an experiment !
- Actually I am still working on it !
As time passed Peter and John gradually became more close to each other .
Everything was going very good ; nonetheless Peter intentions changed and became riddle .
There was gap of ambition in him
I am taking a vacation during the second half of March and I see it to be a perfect time to join the summer camp as the dates coincide .
With my experience as a teaching assistant I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy in learning . I am follow a lot of sports channels in TV during my free time and that helps me in setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensure they are organized well .
There are other types of public transport such bus , train or even planes for long trips .
I do not agreee with the idea which says that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters and nowadays , a lot of people is conscious with the global warmig and the envirnoment , and refuses to use the car every day .
Thank you for writing , I was worried about you .
Secondly , I am so happy that you are glad with your new home and how is It ?
In your letter you wrote that you are missing some people and things , what and who do you miss ?
I can imagine how difficult it can be , although calm down you will find out different things to do and make friends as soon as possible .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has their own pros and cons but in my opinion the difference between both this is that in the secon you chose you own style .
However , I think that this transport has some disadvantages , for instance : if in a small city there are a lot of cars , the pollution will increase and the environment will be injured .
Also , when a city is small the people should walk to different places since everything is near to your houses .
Finally , in Extremadura the transport least used is the train .
We are live in Moscow , it is a very big city , so there are many interesting places , where I used to do some activity .
I think , Gorky Park is a good place where we can spend our time .
In the summer it is a place where you can play Volleyball in the special ground with sand , play ping - pong or if you are tied you can sit in special hammock .
And in the evening you can go to the open - air cinema .
In the winter Gorky Park is very beautiful and there are ice skating park .
I like this park , so to my mind it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to the Gorky Park .
I would prefer to eat more light dishes like vegetables with rise .
As usual I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yogurth .
I 've been studying English at school
While studying at the University my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dream . !
I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills , thanks too to your help .
First of all before arguing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same education and school .
This makes it nearly a complete self study education , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
In addition , on placement the things you learn are always focused on that particular job and company .
And finally the third and last reasons why I think you learn more on placement than at school .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are off course useful for your knowledge but , the way of following this lessons are not a natural work pattern .
In a natural work pattern you have to do , also like school , your tasks but the communication is also an important part of it .
While on placement they work more in an evaluating way to improve skills .
So with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion at this question , I think it has not to be explained any further now .
Moreover , people enjoy being unbound and therefore , they are willing to travel long distances .
Especially in the countryside , public transport is no alternative to cars due to the lack of frequency .
However , it will remain in the future as still many people use it or even depend on it .
As for pollution it refers , in spite of to have a decent public transport , Granada is one of the worst cities of Spain .
However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
When the weather is good enough close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and enterinments .
Last week , I went to Barcelona with my sister , Caroline , she had to take an exam .
Nowadays almost every person in the world watches movies temporarily or permanently .
That day was a terrible day with Michael , he woke up and felt totally exhauted after an overwhelming birthday party .
In this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have done in it , upload photos and movies about you car and of course you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
The other website I often use is Google.com because it is the greatest searching service ever created by human beings .
I think that many google users will be happy if the developpers bring more useful information to the main page , for example weather information , carrency rates or hot news .
Moreover google map service needs some improvements such as street names , map accuracy and more city panorams .
There you will be able to find out a lot of information about the history of Moscow and Russian rulers .
I hope you will enjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion watching the great architectural monuments
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills and eager to learn from others .
I am keen to work for a company with great reputation like Green Pepper Cafe .
For instance , in the big city we can very easy to find the specific space to serve our children , such as special toilet and Breast - Feeding Room in every subways .
Eating on a schedule is a very important tip you should take in consideration and also trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
However , drinking 2 litters of water everyday is essential to your health and has a lot of benefits such as helping energising muscles or keeping your skin look good .
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love , while feeling and living healthy .
I am a really cheery person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and in my opinion I am a very tireless youngster .
Also I would be grateful for information about the task I would be called for if I got the job .
Thus , our state spears no effect on fight it , transportation now is very over crowdedness and difficult , especially in the rush hour which people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock , the main reason for that is the increasing the number of people in our country ( housing problem ) and the result of that a lot of accidents has been done and a lot of people were died .
According to a study published by the journal « American Journal of Medicine Brevintev » in August / August next that the more public transport in the city , where population has become leaner and healthier .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation « Rand » American research and development staff to monitor regularly attend public transportation or go to work by car within a year .
The supervisor of the study , John M ..
MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania : « investment in public transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity people » .
Suffered the transport sector in the Arab countries of the many shortcomings and poor performance and is a form of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate cost and in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries are still public transport systems are undeveloped and drive people to rely on private cars .
The optimistic opinion , some people object that " no future for public transport " saying that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that in ancient there was n't any transport and by the time people starting to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars until the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by the creative people .
In the other opinion , the pessimistic opinion , in developed countries like Japanese and Kuwait we do n't find like these problems because they have a good planning , they make ways underground and overground , then they have ways only for people and ways only for cars , finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care with that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
My typical evening out is going to Anec Blau and after that I go to the cinema to watch a comedy film or go for a walk with friends .
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place , where in Poland produced traditional and well known beer .
Firstly it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated with objects from the South Asia .
The place is small but it 's very cozy .
They serve all meals in small portions ; and they suggest that the servings can be shared ; so everybody can try more itens from the menu .
Finally , to add one more touch to the experience you can take a ride in their tuk - tuk .
Nowadays we live in society that we is totally dependent on transport .
This happens because , not only we live in a big cities but also we have no time to waste .
Due to this we have witnessed to an increase of traffic .
However , some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right.ple do n't agree with it , they prefer travelling by car .
Some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right .
Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities and the lack of more and flexible timetables some people exclude the public transport option .
As a result of this many people are trying new opitions like car sharing .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone , consequently car brand 's look at is as a new opportunity creating new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
I personally believe that because of all this the public transport will have no future in our society .
In the past technology was poor and only a few guys had a smarphone or a computer .
In contrast , today everyone has the latest model of telephone or computeror whatever .
In the last ten years technology have made a big jump and thanks to the Internet we can search everything whenever we want .
In the past was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time , they could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relation with them .
Today everyone knows how everything is easier with technological machine but it 's more sad because you ca n't compare your thoughts with nobody .
There is a large number of African children , who suffers with the lack of food and clean water .
They have to walk away long distances to have clean water and to work too to survive .
Children who have to work and can not go to school , wo n't get a better life and their dreams never will come true .
Unfortunately this is the sad reality .
The principals cause for famine in Africa are the ethnic conflicts , which causes warms ; the decrease of fertile grounds and the use of ground only to produce monocultures to export .
In that moment he understood that the mayor will build a big motorway there , next to the river .
For instance , some people discarded cigarette or match which is unattended like barbeque or campfires .
We went in two riding stable but I have not found the horse that I liked ..
And in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc of the pool .
The next day , me and my best friend went to play bowling and billiards . while my parents took my sisters ride a pony .
It is called Canelle , it 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
The lesson is not very well , she was interested in other dogs and she was not listening .
It was perfect , she jumped sixty centimeters .
Its true atractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is in the summit of the Andalusian art is also their location which is unique .
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gardens where you can enjoy amazing artists and orquestras in an unrivalled setting .
Overview , it is clear that the process of making bank notes begins with Design and ends with Disposal or Distribution .
This will not be a problem if you travel only short distances , but on long journeys that will be very uncomfortable .
There is the risk that you would not get the connecting bus and so you are stressed .
In conclusion travelling by car is the easiest and best way . I think that it is not possible to use public transport because there are no buses or trains .
So they could spare their cars with other people
In my opinion , I agree with the statement with qualifications by following reasons .
In addition , students in the course of research maybe create serendipity .
" You must do the thing you think you can not do . "
Remember when in school you learned the three esential things for living ; reproducction , nutrition and interaction .
Nowadays going to the gym is the new trend , but you do n't only have to do sport because it 's trendy .
If you want to meet young people I suggest you stay in a youth hostel .
In spite of that the weather has to be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes but also jacket for rainy day .
At that moment I felt regretful and frustrated .
In addition , not only putting things in order but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage times .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states that daily , weekly and semester planner can benefit for arranging our times ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper time because the planners clearly show me the outline in the near future .
As we know football or soccer is the sport king of the present .
When we watch a football game everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of the football .
If you want to start practicising this sport you have to get fit and run a lot because you got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
The other big commercial area is in the city center , with a more variety offer , fashion , bars , supermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....
Alternatively every Friday in the parking next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of products , local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
I would recommend the tourist office to encouraged the variety of shops In Puerto Marina
Dream walked towards me and said do you know how to satisfy a lady .
I will teach you how to satisfy a lady tonight .
Once again dream said to get ready , I did n't utter a word , without wasting any movement .
She smiled and said not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we start .
She smiled and said wait for some time I will finish my body massage and then you can join .
I said that I will help you in applying oil she said do you know how to apply .
Let me introduce myself , I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infraestructure company called Acciona .
I usually earn between 50.000 € and 60.000 € each year and it is never enough , I do n't have a financial security .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects soI spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase benefits and I am doing well .
I manage risky projects and eventually I get high revenues .
For this reason I am reading your book and listening to your podcast .
As you know , my country is made up of different races so there are many different traditional food in my country so you can try different cuisins like banana leaf rice and hainanese chicken rice .
So , these are the advices I can give you , hope that it can help you when you come to my country .
But finally I have decided to vote for one of them .
My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and consequently the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
Most people in Bali rely too much toward their private vehicles hence they totally abandoned public transportation .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to have each two to four of them trap in car , in other words one massive transportation measure against twelve or more cars on the same road .
We can change , we have to change for a better future .
Also lifestyle was completely different , the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and several people did the work now can be done with a few of them .
Perhaps in 50 years more , we will live in a world where technology makes our life much easier , but at the same time we will be depending on it .
As you asked for my advice I would suggest to get a job in summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in summer as a result you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
The place where I enjoyed myself the most was " the Bran Castle " also known as Dracula 's castle .
It 's one of the most beautiful castels , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this countrey is known for and that is Dracula .
The biggest one in the countrey is in the cty where I live threfore you 'll have a place to stay and for free .
The first reason is because I already have studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience , I met very nice people from all over the world , I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoy my stay in Oxford .
The second is a pragmatic reason I have a five year degree and I worked for two years in a medical devices company but now I am unemployed .
In Italy is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try a work experience in the UK but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
Public transport is common means of transport used in many countries ; Usually transport people in mass from one location to another ;
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destination which require to plan and catch up public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
Welcome tourist :
This is a guide for you , I hope it can help you a little .
First at all , I want to explain the communication with the town ; a lot of people came by train , it is situated at the top of the town , is the best travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
There are many shops around the town , for example we have one that where children can make teddy bears whereas the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
For adults we have a little old museum , where you can live one day like sixty years ago , so If you never have been in one , you should go because it is not cost so much , besides the museum has a kinder garden for the kids .
Apart from that the town is near the beach , and there we have many restaurants where you can eat while you are watching the waves on the sea .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " is a muddy hotel because many years ago it had been a castle , as well you can sleep in the king bed and every night it has theatre where you can take a part in a play .
As you can see in the attached CV I have experience working with children of different ages .
During three years I babisitted my neighbor 's two daughters .
When I started they were of 3 and 6 years old and I loved to prepare crafts to do with them and usually I had to give them dinner .
In addition , the last three years I have been as voluntary in my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
Working with children I have learned to be more patient and moreover I am able to motivating them to do the best of themselves .
Also I have gained communicational skills speaking with the children and the families .
In order to work in the kitchen I am a really good cook and I used to help my parents every weekend .
Without doubts I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
Besides its advantages are cheap and fast there are many disadvantages of taking bus or train such as time , quality of serving , and crowdedness .
it is said that instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . in my opinion ,
First of all , Public transport is used by many people who do not have cars like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
Traffic jams always happen in the rush hours when there are so many cars on the road .
It has been affecting to the environment like climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to increasing the demands of using petrol for private cars .
In my opinion , the biggest problem with buses is that they are becoming very degraded , and in desperate need of repair .
For the average middle - aged person the logical option is to use a taxi .
that 's amazing , I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I 've received an email from you !
Anyway they must visit our main square with many historical buildings .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre so what about doing shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is for tourists very convenient because they can reach everything on foot .
It 's the biggest hill where you can go on the lookout tower and it 's not far from České Budějovice .
There is an interesting observatory too and what 's more the best restaurant I have ever been in .
Regular citizens seem to be tired of eternal traffic jams and yards , filled with parked cars .
Overall , there are a number of causes to disagree with the suggestion , that individual transport is getting more and more popular in comparison with public .
The only thing , that definitely should be changed in the future , is an approach to usage of cars powered by gasoline .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , it can be found a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " , opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent that quickly gets busy at the weekends at lunch time .
Although sometime it might be rather noisy , because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurants , relaxing .
You can choose from a variety of dishes in their menu - sushi , maki , " etc .
In this sense , the term , " time management " means the ability of controlling time on prioritizing tasks , and planning effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and keeping concentration on motivating yourself to learning towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Based on examining my actual experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning is the root cause of these problems .
Therefore it is a multicultural and multirracial society .
On the other hand , Cáceres are divided in two main areas , the new city , which has modern and high buildings .
The center of the historical city is the Big Square , there are mixed Arabs and Romas buildings , and two cathedrals .
Jorge was a kind , who won an important battle against Arabs .
In the third place , this year Cáceres is the capital of the gastronomy in Spain .
Some people do n't like this food , but in this restaurant you can eat other types of food , for example Spanish food and Mexican food .
This restaurant is buffet , we paid 15€/person and we can eat and drink all that you want .
From my point of view , this restaurant have one drawback , the waiters and waitress do n't go on the table , you should go to your food and drink .
I love this restaurant , the food is very delicious .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses advantages of alcohol and how they contribute to improve health , and personality and the reading contradict this by revealing down side of it .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduce blood clot , and slowing the deterioration of brain function .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to keep healthy movement , because some researches has shown that people who drink moderately have less proportion of body fat , because alcohol speed up metabolism which makes calories burn quickly .
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinker , and they are more social , popular and they are likely to be married .
Firstly it is stated that alcohol lead to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose calories of glass of wine .
Furthermore studies have shown that alcohol induce appetite which makes people consume more than they need .
For example researchers have found that belly fat is related to alcohol .
In fact studies shows that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults , are linked to alcohol
For example , in the past the main transportations were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now the increasing number of consumers and logistic companies has chosen airplanes which can save much time to transport their parcels .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel which has brought a heavy pressure of transportation .
If you visit it you will probably appreciate all the innovations applied to save our environment .
For example all the members of the town council use bikes so they are a good example to all citizens .
So if you want a bike , to move easily , you have to make a card which allow you the access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
In my town cars do n't pollute .
These engines use bio fuels so the environment is not affected .
Moreover If you want to find good job you must able to speaking two or three language without any problem .
Also I know Spanish and besides I 'm learning English right now .
I 'm living in Worcester one city from England .
The last year I was in Poland and I could see how was important to speak English , with this idiom you can communicate with other people , no just English people if not with around the world .
When I was a child I did n't understand why I needed to learn English but now I can see how important it is , for this reason I 'm motivated to learn .
On the other hand I love travelling and in case that you know several language all will be easier .
On the contrary to learn language take a long time and you need to be patient .
Moreover the languages courses can be expensive in my opinion the best thing that you can do is move into other country it would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages no just your mother language .
It could be nice and give you more opportunity to do whatever you want and do n't lose heart at the beginning could be difficult but bit by bit you will see your progress .
Each nation has their own historical places , Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand throughout about the past .
We can mention many places such as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , Temple of Literature ...
Temple of Literature was built in 1070 under the Ly 's dynasty .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of Temper of Literature which consists of six parts .
One remarkable , featured point about Temple of Literature is the people who passed 4 rounds of examination , then gained position titles would be graved their names on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
It contains not only the history but also the culture , customs also it is the first official institute which you can not miss out .
I do a lot of sports for example : cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have done this sport since 1995 with my grandfather .
You can do different sports on the pool for example : swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
Besides , you can have could shower after and before that you do swimming , this is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water of the pool and if you get into the pool very fast you can have a problem with your body temperature .
Fuji is the most wonderful place in Japan because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular place and it offers several exciting activities .
Fuji is very beautiful , so it has been the subject of countless works of art such as the ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Fuji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokusai .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise as there was nobody standing .
There must have been a naughty child ' I thought without worrying .
Later on the week I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason however I felt the same hot wind in my face and the same funny smell .
At that time I was unemployed so I was n't able to move house and as I was n't afraid of it I had to put up with those strange events .
So I decided not to pay any attention to it and carry on with my normal life .
Now I have to admit that I have a problem I am sharing home with a ghost or two but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
My parents both have been working since I was 12 so I had to take care of my little sister , who is four years younger than me .
For this reason I have been doing three courses during this year .
I am available all summer so I could start to work whenever you would need to .
This month on the 9'th I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest I 'm not in the mood of studying .
In fact she will also participate in the exam .
Hopefully I will pass the exam and will attend the English course for a month .
Afterwards I will have the right to take part to the intarnational missions for maintaining the peace under the patronage of the European Union .
In the new buildings there are usually dustbins for each material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
So , almost everybody , who lives in Budapest , has the chance to use this form of rubbish collection .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories , where they use this technique , but in Budapest we usually do n't use much recycled goods recently .
And it is a serious problem , because in the not so distant future we wo n't be able the handle the garbage - it wo n't be enough space where we could deposit that .
In that area Budapest accomplishes very awful .
Naturally it 's mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage into the dustbin , instead of letting it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
Since yoga entered my life I try to change my common view of many things .
Ecological situation is seriously bad not only in my city but in my country in general .
Rubbish recycle is the biggest problem in Kyyiv in my opinion .
Unfortunately we do n't separate rubbish .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish and then , it was really bright summer morning , I saw that special yellow bin for paper and glass was emtied by the same car with the other rubbish ...
Once again there 's only one bin for every group of rubbish .
Dear Sir or Madam .
First of all I have provided experience working with children in that range of age .
When it comes to clothes there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it for necessity and the ones who do it for joy .
In last place , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are buying ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it which may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low number of passengers who can travel on a motorbike consequently not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable owning one .
Have you ever been in trouble , which type of transport you should take ?
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , esspecialy when we must travel onshore , then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only by the sea or any sizeable river , which courses are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
In that case it indicates that my favourite way to travel is train !
For me it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffics , reductions for students , low risk of accidents , potentiality of sleeping , eventuality of travelling with bike or other big luggage .
Most railway lines are quite spruce and for me , travelling by train is pleasure !
At first , I 'm not interested in it , since I did n't any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball , however , I did n't enjoy these two at all .
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tired and my strength was extremely weak that every time when measure 800 kilometers I always ranked the last three .
Then , he taught me how to play , for example , when hitting , used the strength of the whole arm and did not just used elbow , or you would feel tired shortly .
When hitting ball back successfully , he would say ' ' good , keep going or you did it '' .
Hitting ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , which not only includes running but also concentrating .
Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try , just focus on ball and hit it back .
In general the facilities are well preserved but the majority of the users think that the installation should have an improvement in the baskteball and tennis courts maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
In other words I could say that is the best Club I know .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant but it can also be costly , for fuel can be very expensive depending on the current economy .
However , over the past years , people have been travelling mostly by car which seems to have led to higher levels of air pollution .
The process of becoming this fact real and common in our society began about 100 years ago and what is really absorbing , nearly 95 percent of advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
Probably if you hear about heroic attitude you will be able to do without doubts something magnificent as well .
In this way I think that is good to look up to some celebrities who are righteous .
Of course you can look up to the celebrities but you have to be aware of the consequences .
During the whole school year a great number of exhibitions , concerts and performances are given by pupils themselves and by invited musicians and artists as well .
One of the major reasons for this problem is wars especially in the Arab countries like Syria , Libya and Yemen .
After a while the people who are laid off will not have enough money to live , and they will become homeless people .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people despite the fact that today an Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be defined .
- The pressure is so high that it can be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last years champion famous for his threatening prestart grin , that we all call " Shark 's Smile " .
Tanny is a human - rocket that 's warming up on a neighbor track line .
I know that my old man Navarro is the one to have sweaty hands now !
Even from here I can see his anxious look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bench .
That 's strange but before the start my thoughts as if an old steam locomotive are going to those depths of memory which really hard to get to in ordinary life .
The floods , droughts , and famines , all of these making great effects to human and animals , for instance , the loss of properity , the missing of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
Firstly , the population should be controlled , if human still increase rapidly , there is no more room for human .
But I enjoy myself so much doing this sport even if it 's just running around .
Running keeps you fit in two ways as you get your body and you mind active and healthy .
I think I can be the right person for this job , I 'm really patient and I really liove to be with kids , play with them and taking care of them , I always have fun with them .
I have 6 youngest brothers , 4 girls and 2 boys and everytime my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc .
I always stay home and take care of them , I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them , sometimes I take them to the sports club I work on , I 'm a swimming teacher and on my freetimes on the afternoon I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
Thankyou for your time , have a good day !
Dear Barbara .
In fact you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy all their catalogue .
Regarding your question I am playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
He is always on my mind even though he is not physically .
Also , if you get enough you will be able to acquire your own home to see your future family growing inside it .
And the Doctor Who , Sci - Fi TV series of BBC , exteriorized this terror from the Weeping Angels .
These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of Doctor , like the Daleks exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe or the Cybermen transforming all living things into cyborg .
Then , it seems that these statutes might lose their spirits , only when they got our gaze .
The angels move and attack free , only when people blink their eyes or turn around their sight away .
Because it seems like , if we do that , angels will come out from TV and attack us !
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , the lonely assassins , never shift their positions and postures , even though protagonists and supporting players blink , look away or turn their backs .
Anna feared , that she would have difficulties to cope up with the expectations .
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keep all people united so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well then Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Surprisingly when you are practicing this sport you improve your velocity and coordination too , so it could be an interesting point to taking up if you are not involved in it .
Personally what I can say is that practicing this sports make me feel strongly lively and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it especially during the world cup .
Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport so what I advise you to do is do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries but maintain you active to keep your game level .
I am encouraging to those people who do not like practicing sport that it the best way to maintain your own health
As a result in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) , people may usually emphasize in their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first instead of the public .
A location whether it has sufficient quantity of water or not is the essential consideration .
Rental cost is also a limitation as it is relatively higher in Australia .
It is not only one of the most important monuments in the whole country but also a beautiful place to visit .
It 's a huge breath - taking complex of historical buildings and royal gardens .
I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century many kings and famous Polish people have their graves .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners are coming to Poland just to see the Cracow city and among other things the Wawel Castle .
In addition , water pollution is , as well , a global problem , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers and lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
Moreover , life may not be possible for the future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency avoiding side effects to the planet .
Sitting in any table you have a wonderful view of the sea .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him " where is my playstation ? ? " . said Paul inconsolably and he run to the kitchen .
Maybe someone came in their house and stole the game console !
When both of them started to search clues around the house they did n't found out anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several pawprints and in that moment Michael remembered a fact : He had been forgotten his dog inside the house but the puppy had disappeared !
Obviously he knew their dog Spooky had been in Paul 's bedroom taken his playstation .
As they were looking for it in the garden they realised the console was near a tree .
Surprisingly Spooky turned up and escaped with some keys in his mouth but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
If they are good quality sheets or partially damaged , but still in good condition , they will be packaged and dispatched .
Now that we have a wonderful idea I thought you would want to hear about it .
We tried to involve many students as possible since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am eager reader ; that being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books in .
Oh !
Lastly , I would like that my curtains were red , given that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
He does not conceal anything from me as I try to understand what he really needs and support him .
My husband is also my best friend as I do n't have anybody closer than he .
I 'm happy as I have always dreamt of such a family .
At the same time it is not impossible to solve the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .
Nowadays all the car manufacturers accepted the task of design robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issue of safety and availability of taxi 24 hours 7 days a week .
Unfortunately the main method is to make private cars if not a luxury then to make their usage economically less efficient in favour to public transportation .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I was attending last month , for a week and the activities in which I was involved during this period of time .
As I 've told you I was helping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
You may thought that I met them or I got an autograph but I must disappoint you .
When we came the manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
It does n't seem but it was hard work but after the concert the manager praised us for doing good job .
And guess what was the best thing about it !
You can imagine that it was amazing , Linkin Park is the best group I know so I was really enjoying it .
, of course there is future for it and every day more and more .
Big cities are crowd with vehicles and as result levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
That is why , many cities has close their centres to private cars and only allows public transport .
Use public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet and that is a very important task for all of us .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time which leads to greenhouse effect and the rise of the average sea level .
Since a century , many transports have been invented , therefore our lives become convenient .
With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have come to pass , the natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
They can have better position , work for foreign company , communicate with foreign companies etc .
Also you can be part of travelling and working experience which can offer to you your school .
It is very good that these days schools offer you more languages for learning to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
Of course it can be different in each country .
Another very important benefit of learning new language is that you can travel you will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
Thanks of learning another language you can have also friends from all the world and you can better understand the culture of new country .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will be always important for today 's people and new generation too and in addition it will increase need to communicate in another language .
It 'll be a pleasure reporting that the tests were passed with flying colors , for that I ask for your help .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings , it is far from an enjoyable visiting when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and no touch .
But do n't panic , let 's think rationally .
In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see , where are our children and if everything 's ok .
Our fridge will tell us to buy a fresh milk , if there 's no left .
But maybe they could stop talk to each other , because it 's waste of time too .
I hope , It will never happen .
As you know I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .
I 'd like you to take into account the following requirements .
Firstly , my main target is to improve speaking and writing skills as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
As far as accommodation is concern I 'd like bed and breakfast included in the price .
If it 's not please let me know .
In the last summer , my kids and I created a fun morning and afternoon program for our neighbors we called it " multi - balls multi - fun " .
the kids have loved learning new dances and cultures
In conclusion , I think providing fun in safe environment is the main component in summer camp that each family is looking for . as a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities and the most important is my ability to intervene in the emergency situations
The service is very fast I believe the people eat good and fast .
There are many channels on TV , not only entertainment but also technology , health , environment , weather forecast and news channel , etc .
Moreover , nowadays many education channels are developing to help the students .
I have also taught English to Spanish pupils so language will not be a problem .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children loves : I am really creative , I can make costumes with not many materials so they will enjoy a lot dressing them up .
I usually play sports like tennis or running but specially I am interested in living adventures , and I would like we could live this one together .
I am glad about having good news from you , it has been a whole year since we talk the last time .
I 'm so happy you are almost finishing school and of course that you are coming to Colombia .
It would be incredible if you start your trip in Cartagena which is a caribean and tropical city .
Then you can go to Santa Marta , do some water sports , visit Taganga where you can find the best shrips in the whole area .
I can show you the downtown , some of the most important museums like " La Casa del oro " or The national Museum .
To take public transport or not that is a question . Travelling by car is convenient , however , it
Yet , to me public transport is my
Besides , take the train instead of car may make a new friends possibly if chats with others besides the seats .
Because there are nearly 70 billions people in the world if everyone travelling by car even the half , the pollution will be the burden to the world .
Admittedly , travelling by the car has its merits such as more convenient to everywhere we want , can enjoy the time with family in car .
For the better life and world why not take public transport .
Three consecutive years he attended in the local race but at most he could get the second rank .
The old man said to him my son needs surgery today or he will die .
Tom told I can give you 5000 $ but what can I do for the rest of this amount ?
He thought I should perform a show to jump over the several wrecked cars but it was too risky because he had not any experience in this kind of show .
Jack said I know someone who can do that but how we organize the show .
We need advertising and to find a suitable place for show until 3 pm .
Tom yelled : ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paid for surgery of a sick boy .
His son was cured and in recovery room Tom visited him and they became friends .
Because of the quicker effects they are more lucrative for the elite than the long - term reforms required by the EU .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia , is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
People were changing during ages and in the same time they were building astonishment history .
They were thinking how the world would look like and with that thought civilization was created .
Nowadays we are in the same situation .
There are a lot of places where people are setting theirs houses , perhabs we will be living under water ?
Many buildings like skycarpers are suggesting living in flats which exist above the ground and it is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with it own source of light which could replace the Sun .
Despite the fact that visual aspect is the most important thing to most people in my opinion in this case everything was said and no new forms could be created .
To summarize the Home of the Future will bring us not only a new kind of home , but also a new outlook on life .
The book is called " Living Through a Natural Disaster " written by Eve Recht .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters , for instance , the Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia ; the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America etc .
However it made the situation worse .
Now she is extremely angry after human beings did something really hurt to her .
Even after the end of the match assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
First of all we can define ourselves " slaves of the technology " because now we all have a telephone that have lots of functions and that turn us away from real life .
This can be seen in teenagers , who seems to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer play with video games on their own than going to the park
In my opinion the obsession for the business trasforms society in a ring in which every man will be against his friend only for an excellent career .
In this way everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and the originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
There are also positive aspects , for example there is a progress in the subject of medicine or in the use of the eco - resources .
Yes it will and I hope that we will improve our thought and we will have the cosciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right of imposing us in the world .
Nowadays it is possible to listen to various types of music .
For instance , in our country music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been getting popularity from all regions in the world since it was sprung .
Inasmuch as this process makes peoples close to each other encouraging them to corporate and befriend .
But to begin with Anna for a long time was n't famous at school .
One a day she decided to pass away all of this thing and get started something completely different .
And for now she is one of the most popular models in the world not only in the school .
In Extremadura you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfragüe Nacional Park or Tajo - International Natural Park .
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia which have clean beaches , cold water and a good leisure with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
In the North of Spain the weather is colder than the rest of the country , for this reason , the water of the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
He took breakfast with his father that took him school , as he always do .
That morning , he had math and after he had a science class .
When science class arrived he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain them a very interesting thing .
As AC category manager Nikita has demonstrated in - depth knowledge of AC market , high level of negotiations skills , and professional attitude to everything he did .
Due to my background I believe to be the ideal person for the abovementioned job .
As volunteers we were also helping the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
WHY TENNIS
You just surely have to work your fingers to the bones but it 's definitely worth .
Maybe it 's not a vital part of being a well known sportsman but it 's important when you want to work something off during your career .
The second thing , it 's a quality of an equipment .
There are a lot of bergains and cheap items on the market , which very often catches our eye but I want definitely warn you against it !
Do n't be mean and spent as much money as it 's needed .
However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior , which create the unique and familiar atmosphere .
First of all it 's a man sport , simple and simultaneously complicated .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love you should know that you stay here forever .
If you plan to play this game you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
And of course you should be a team player .
So it is what it is .
I 'm friendly , open mind and quite easy going guy who live in one of the most beautiful city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
Since I have full - time job I could join you at weekends .
I would like to start of with one of the most renownedly malls - called " Donauzentrum " .
On the countryside you can find the recently edified mall named " G3 " .
It is not only worthy to attend the street by day but also by night .
Beside the shops some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
To not to lose the track I am going to give review .
Espacially on a rainy afternoon the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the prefekt way to spend your day .
To people who prefer spending their time on the countryside I would commend a visit on the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
I 'm a 17 years old Italian student , I have a B1/2 English level , I 'm cheerful and hard working .
I think I 'm suitable for every work because I 'm sporty and sociable and above all I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out every work you will choose to give me .
As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so if I have a positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
All the building here have been built to respect the environment , in fact every house has photovoltaic panels on the roof .
We all know that the Roman Empire affected a lot Italian culture and history , in fact if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others ..
Many people feel that learning English especially in ' England ' or in ' The USA ' , is better than learning that in a country that does not have English as its mother tongue .
For instance , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish so you are not accustomed to the language .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the everyday practice , which you should have if you are in an English country and all the people who you get to know from all the world .
One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad , have an enhancement in just one or two months .
In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ought to study abroad if they have the opportunity , so apart from your lessons you can interact with native people and learn usually - common phrases .
Her friends came back to their country but Anna still is missing .
I believe that it is true because the people are more concerned about their privacy and time taken to travel by the public transport .
In this essay these worries are studied carefully .
On a hot day the lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body heat .
For example , A lady travel on a bus and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her but in her car she can do what ever she want .
In case a person who is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must , hence he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to reach there early .
Hence public vehicles take more time to travel .
In order to boost the usage of public transport the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
Nowadays all of what we need is a full charged smart phone with the Google Map application .
In the past people could only have a purchase from store to store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods on line and buy it through a simple click .
For this tremendous outcome I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
Fortunately the most outstanding scientists will solve the energy crisis and will find ways to create new lands for living , to clean air for breathing , and to purify water and food for supply .
When we have a dementia ( a steady degeneration disease of our brains ) we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of on - line " Big Cloud " memories .
Also you can travel to different places and longer distances while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where connection to the sea .
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans , I definitley think that this year of travelling and discoverying will be a great way to grow up , meet new people of different cultures .
Firstly I strongly recommend you to visit the main capital , which is full of marvellous historical and cultural sites such as museums , art galleries , monuments and churches .
Whether at some point you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers to you a lot of leisure time facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
My country 's history inspired me all my life , the important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation specially affects the history of civilization of humanity .
Since my graduation I acquired wide experience in translation .
After my graduation .
In 2000 .
In spite of that I did not give up .
At first you should visit sights like a churches and a cathedrals then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
It 's quite architecturally significant building I think , plus there is about million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
I go to the A 's quite often , about once per month , but I have never been in the Barrel so I ca n't tell you , what it is like .
Their novels have much in common : first of all the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heighs by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , which are always well described especially on a psychological level ; furthermore both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
There is also a lot in contrast , most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities while Emily prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , in fact Charles mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of lower classes and the bad consequences of the industrialisation , instead Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroins do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prude .
Then we can notice that the narrator of the novel has different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient , Emily 's one is part of the story itself and can change revealing characters ' perspectives .
Himselves of leader must have discipline , know working on time , and know how to create group working consensus , seriously .
Marketing 's job to deliver content to customers learn more about company and the products and services in order to increase the advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager of the strong leadership and excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business
As we know every person wants to get success in their respective lives .
For this they must possess a healthy life .
Outdoor games are made only for this purpose that is to make a person healthier .
In ancient times every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were more stronger than children in today 's world .
There are many games that children can play like : cricket , badminton , football etc .
If they want to use it they should try to focus on getting important information which is benefial in improving their knowledge skills .
By playing physical games they will not only improve their health but can also gain concentration .
I contain all the characteristics in which you require and so is an ideal person for the job .
I 've taught at many schools including primary so I got a good encounter of children .
As I 've also ran the marathon THRICE and play in the local netball team I am quite energetic plus I 'm also hardworking as I try my best to reach my ambition .
Also I 'm a good cook ; at one school I 'd taught at we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
As a result I am also organised .
Finally , to conclude my letter I just want to say : Please choose me !
Also , you can interact longer with other passengers especially native Indonesian , just in case you need to explore more about Indonesia as you would like to get temporary job here .
Here are few tips for starting conversation with Indonesian : Indonesian person will reply a smile with a smile , so you can start with it ; not all Indonesian speaks English , but most students could speak English .
I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
Bali is the most famous Indonesian island for foreign people , many of them even know Bali but not Indonesia .
The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than other islands mentioned above but other islands are more challenging and natural .
Joining community of hiking student can be useful , because they will be pleasant free guide for you , this trick has more effective budget for your trip .
If in the past , they just hold weddings at home to save money , now they tend to choose restaurants and hotels instead .
Secondly , it is likely that nowadays people focus more on appearance , so luxurious and elegant wedding is an occasion for them to show off .
At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified as I was suspended from the ground .
Some days before we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby as soon as we arrived at the railway stop , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we had been walking for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than it had been before so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
Only then did we realize we had lost our way , we had not been paying attention to our path , the only thing we could do was to go back .
We turned towards the bushes immediately , we were worried as we had listened to the radio that a bear could have lived there .
Another thing is that : I would improve my skills in working with children and I find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
Furthermore , I have a great sense of leadership as well as the social skills needed from being a scout for five years .
All in all I can assure you that I would be a great addition to your team of workers for all the reasons above stated .
Last summer I spent in Oxford , UK studying English in language school for ESL learners .
When I went to class there was a group of students who had already studied together for some time .
But when the dinner started there was nothing to worry , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
Every time when I felt weak about my English he supported me like no one else .
After two weeks he returned to France , but we keep in touch even today .
Nowadays it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more conventient than travelling by public transport but it 's no true at all .
The increase in the fuel cost for example , will have surely a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
Moreover other costs will act upon the prices of travelling by private vehicles .
Obviously the quality of public transport has to be improved .
In this way the customer can feel comfortable as they fell in theirown cars .
Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to do exercise than they should and as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense while public transport is overall more convenient .
What is meant by a restricted sense is that for adults , who are healthy and able bodied , having access to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .
However note my emphasis on adult , healthy and able - bodied , for young people , for older people , for people with disabilities being able to drive brings more costs than benefits .
Furthermore the monetary costs in the long run are much better using public transport both for individuals and for the wider society .
Even when celebrities are having holidays people ask them to give an autograph .
Sometimes famous people look a little bit different that on the stage and their faces wihout any makeup appear in the Internet .
Is necessary for your health but , what about if you go running in the mornings ?
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes , when you 're stress it helps you to relaxes you .
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings as I said before , believe me golf is kinda funny but you do n't exercise too much as you could .
As a result of this many studies have shown that athletes shuold be motivate to push themselves above the record .
You certainly will learn to fail and win but the most important thing that you will lern is never give up .
Futhermore like Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
Personally I usually get on with people pretty well and make new friends easily as I am a natural extrovert ( or so I think ) .
Friends do not have to share the same opinion on every topic , however , they should respect and support each other even if they disagree .
Mr Smith was found on the floor with next to him a glass , which was completely broken .
All night the body had lain like this on the floor .
The next day the waitress knocked once , twice , three times but no one answered , so she thought that the man might have gone out .
In fact I discovered that Mr Smith 's nephew wanted all his fortune .
Sometimes people will do anything for some money
Nowadays it 's believed that it 's better to work on your own than to work as a group .
First I completely agree with this but then when I started to think about it I realized that it 's not like that .
Firstly I think that if you work as a team you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation you could have a better and more completely answer because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
Secondly I think that the members of the team give you support , love and company .
Moreover if it is a really nice group it is funnier to work with them than to work alone .
In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because they give you love , company and you could pass a very good time
It is well known that an image is better than a thousand words and that may be the reason for the success of television in a recent survey as the most important invention of the last 100 years .
However , this election could not be the wisest as there are other inventions more useful than television and with better future applications .
For more than 50 years it has been the main entertainment channel displacing others as radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
In its first years television was also an important channel to culture ( theater plays , classic films , etc . ) .
Unfortunately , in the last years television has lost this educational focus .
The Internet , on the other side , has became more and more popular not only for entertainment but also for business and today is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
The Internet has also replaced television to watch films and TV shows , especially among young people who prefer to download and watch the videos instead of watching on the fixed schedule of TV .
One hour later our table was on fire .
And the last but not the least thing is that there are quite a lot of people who are not able or just do n't want to drive , so the only way out for them is public transport .
So , my opinion is that public transport does have the future . Travelling by car is convenient but public transport has undeniable benefits for long lasting life as well .
Occasionally her older sister would watch her down from the hall and poke her index finger on her forehead . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under her breath .
That 's why Mary is constantly surrounded with a bunch of fellas meanwhile Tom is the only one to follow Alison and have her back .
The film , instead , was shot in central Italy and surprisingly the scene of the balcony hasn't even been filmed in Verona .
However the water is dirty and it is recommended to clean the pool at least twice a week .
Also the court is cheap and the changing room is nice and clean .
On the other hand the opening hours are not enough and they should be extended .
Apart from the above mentioned points , there maybe so many other ideas which can make a big difference to the club .
Back then when she had been a little kid , she had dreamed of seeing the entire world .
The woman had smiled to Alice and had given her some words of advice , " Young girl you lose something important to you .
However , when she had arrived there had n't been anything but a barren desert .
That girl , indeed was Alice herself in her youth .
The year was 2012 and I had n't written anything until that day - I just had been translating some stories and once even subtitles for a Korean movie from English and Spanish .
It sounded like a quite good challenge for me so after finishing the then lessons I quickly sat down and started writing .
First days I was a little bit nervous but day by day I started forgetting about any competition .
But a month ago my mobile phone started to ring .
When I was in secondary school , and my friends were dreaming of be Doctors or Dentists , I decided that I will be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
Also , I was good at mathematics subjects that related to solid geometry , that is why I decided to study mechanical engineering .
my view is that nowadays English is an important language that it is necessary for almost everyone , so I will choose to learn English first .
As a matter of fact Venice could be a very good candidate for hosting the marathon competition , which will last one day
Moreover Venice is one of the most beautiful cultural cities in Italy .
The marathonetscoming before or staying after the competition can take the advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great deal of facilities
Public water buses and private water taxis run 24 hours a day although less frequently at night .
Despite the private service is very expensive it is efficient .
In addition to this there is a significant lack of evening entertainments in the city such as theatres , cinemas and night - clubs .
On the contrary participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias and bars with a good selection of menus suggesting local food .
In conclusion I think there will be no obstacles and objections to host this sporting competition in my town which on the other hand is also a cultural event for many of the participants .
I do n't think so ..
After the show I had the chance to meet the band members .
In my family we are five people , my mom Malak , my dad Claes , my little sister Novalie and my little brother Edvard .
Once every year I ski with my ski club ( Täby slalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
In the summer holidays my family and I just to be at the vest seaside on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
That is one of our summerhouses I love to be there because when we are there we swim in the ocean and we fish crabs and just have a really fun .
You can of course see the ocean and it is very beautiful .
Now you know what my favourite book is so you can almost guess what my favorite movie is … Of course Harry Potter .
I do n't see movies only I look at some series to .
For example Pretty little liars and Modern Family .
Pretty little liars is a little bit scary but I like it .
One band I like is One direction I think they sing really good .
When they were in Sweden I was on their concert and after that my voice were almost gone .
But there was really fun to be there but is what pretty cold , because on friends arena the roof was open .
I like beef and my favourite is a fillet of beef with béarnaise , it is a very good combination .
My favourite restaurant is a restaurant called dahlboms in Åre because they have the best spaghetti bolognese ever .
Hope you enjoyed your reading , I think this is what you maybe want to know about me !
The moment he reached the light everything changed .
Suddenly Micheal opened his eyes and he realized it was just a weird dream .
Generally , bands played great , but of course there were also terrible singers in the competition - but it did n't matter so much .
On a Charity Fun Day the air was filled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italian and many other world cuisine .
Also I 'd recommend delicious homemade ice cream .
You 're such a cute , little girl .
English was also the key for my passion for technology , the more that I understood the language , the more I understood how to use computers and the internet .
Besides being my personal favorite for its culture and language , the United States of America offers big opportunities in this area , for it 's great universities and educational system .
Although I write and speak English in an advanced proficiency level , this exchange would provide the fluency I need in academic grounds and interpersonal communication , as all of the most relevant papers , research and journals are written in English , I want to achieve this level to make it easier to write and produce good material for the scientific community , and to communicate better with all cultures .
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals on the field of information technology in both academic and work market , travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
I would be happy too , if by any chance I could apply to summer jobs or internships , as another way of gaining experience .
There are many places to visit but the most beautiful is Traku castle .
Moreover , there are many souvenirs sellers so you could buy something .
Seeing it for the first time it was impossible to understand the meaning of the column or the pile .
At first sight those paintings evoke an emotion in the observer , and the name of the piece helps to have a complete knowledge of the masterpiece .
On the other hand , looking at an installation art it is harder to have a clear emotion at the first sight without knowing the meaning of it or something about the artist .
In conclusion I think that all forms of art are made for the same reason , to communicate something .
In my opinion the difference between installation arts and classical arts stands in the feeling that they can suscitate in the audience .
Dear Camp Director :
Kitesurfing - this sport discipline is getting more and more popular not only in countries such as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , but also in other ones , just like Poland or Germany !
Last month I helped at Adele 's concert at the Royal Albert Hall .
Although I was a cleaner , it was the best thing , that recently happened to me .
Before the concert I had to sweep up the whole hall .
During the concert I was responsible for supervision of sort - out in toiletes .
After the concert I saw Adele and my friend took a picture of me with her !
Of course , I told her , you 're dating Lisa now .
I hope , it wo n't be my last job at concert .
This past year was special for me , I graduated from High School and I took a gap - year .
As I said earlier , I graduated from High School which was a huge relief .
Thus came the question of what I was going to do next , but I was n't ready to make that descission back then so with agreement of my parents I decided to take a gap - year .
As my departure came closer , I started to question myself more and more if this was a good idea and if I would have a good time all those things .
The 6 months I send there were the best of my life , I was so happy and enjoyed myself every day .
I also got to know myself better and I have reached a descission of what I want to do next year , I am going to study at the university .
I hope that I will enjoy that as much as I enjoyed this past year , it was truly amazing .
We limit the number of houses and the number of people living in those houses because more people would mean we have to clear vast expanses of land for housing which would mean a reduction in the number of trees and a deathblow to the natural balance .
We encourage people commuting to nearby places to walk or use a bicycle depending on the distance and those going to the same areas outside the town to join car pools .
Each year , we encourage school - going children to plant trees to teach them the importance of trees in safeguarding our environment so that they can grow up to be responsible towards the environment .
I was a paramedic in first place but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security .
With these experiences I can safely escort people , which are knocked out or a bit ill and ca n't stand the concert anymore , out of a concert and help them .
Maybe it 's because in basketball , you have to run a lot and you have to be really fast , and my second favourite sport is running .
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have a free time and they should be albe to use it however they want to without anyone disturbing them .
In the Romantic Age we can find another important subject based on the concept of nature : the sublime .
It is associated with strong emotions caused natural spectacles , like hurricanes , waterfalls or starry sky
The sublime inspired many writers likeW. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the view of infinite spaces , like desert , sky or ocean .
Also Coleridge had a concept of sublime , but for him it was associated with infinite spaces and the sense of perdition and suspense .
It was in my duty to make sure everything was running smoothly , according to the program and I had to supervise and direct the other assistants if any problems should occur .
I have been volunteering for St John Ambulance for 6 years now and I can say that it is a truly amazing and eye opening experience .
Instead of that you should show that you have experience or specific education in the area .
Going on a job interview can be a stressful experience for even the most job seekers but if you use these tips , the first impression of you will be positive .
I would like to share my feelings about a particular friendship that is highly important to me and furthermore evaluate the reasons why is especially complicated to maintain long lasting friendships in any situation .
First of all , as far as special friendships are concerned , I must say that I am not a person who makes friends easily , consequently I do not have a large circle of friends .
Although it is true that this is not a long term friendship I can admit that I have found a true friend .
Throughout this friendship I have been given the support , the affection and the confidence to pursue my dreams .
On the other hand , friendship is a two way street where you receive and give back the same favors and , naturally , I enjoy doing so .
I value this friendship and is of great importance to me because it is a balanced one of a kind relationship .
A justification for this may be the fact that over the years people change and grow apart .
For this reason not all childhood friends grow older as close confidants , simply because they are not the same people as they were before .
As you gradually grow up your world expands , your personality changes and so do your acquaintances .
However , the natural process of aging is not the only change we undergo but there are others such as enrolling in school , getting our first job or changing the old one , travelling or moving to another city .
All this situations may impede us to stay in touch with old friends but on the other hand can give us the opportunity to make new ones .
To summarize , I would like to say that even thought we are incapable to remain on friendly terms with everyone we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors what makes us human and we should always embrace it .
On the top floor there is a multi - cinema complex , offering several options of the latest movies .
Some information about what people do with their rubbish and how they try to keep the area clean , is described in the following lines .
Hi , my name is Emma I 'm 16 years old and I believe that I would be perfect for this summer job .
My favorite activities would be : painting , and making up fun games .
I can cook anything , really , just give me the ingredients and I 'll make you whatever you want .
As I said before , I 'm really good with little kids , I 've been a teacher once at a summer school .
However Narwal Ji has taught me from the basics of Indian singing , to being someone able to sing on stage in front of a large audience .
Overall the entire night was shown nicely and was entertaining for everyone watching .
We would gladly share our excitement about the Grand Place with your students so that they can immediately get acquainted with it as a very enjoyable place to go to .
Most of the year I live in Poznań , because of my studies at the University , but every summer I go back home to spend some time with my family and friends .
There is only one auditorium so I was busy just between the shows and sometimes , for family shows , there was a 15 minutes break in the middle of the show , for the kids to use the toilet or buy more snacks and drinks .
Thanks for granting our daughter , Cheung Tsz Huan the first interview held on 27 September 2014 .
Our elder daughter , Tsz Yin who is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatly enjoys her school life and at the same time achieved good results in the past three years .
She enjoys reading , performing arts including painting , dancing , music and sports , swimming in particular .
In 1975 the consumption of fish and chips was ten times higher than the consumption of the other two types of fast food .
In contrast , the consumption of hamburgers and pizzas started at about 10 times for hamburgers and 5 times for pizzas in 1975 , and then rose constantly until it reached approximately 100 times and 85 times respectively in 1995 .
The place is very near where I live , and I 've worked in a lot of Cafes before , unfortunately I had to leave them for school and college .
Michael Clifford was a lucky man who had everything he could ever want : he was a thirty - year - old English businessman married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he had two sons and a pretty talented daughter ; he owned a successful corporation and had a gorgeous chalet near the sea .
Sometimes it is cheaper to use public transport such as busses , trains or airplanes , depending on the distance .
Travelling across the Atlatic Ocean for example requires an airplane or a ship .
Time was ticking by and he knew that if he did n't do it now he would be in deep trouble , that his social life would be over .
All of them anxious to get outside and relax for a few hours Suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .
As he got near his destination the density of students seemed to grow and it was becoming even more difficult for him to advance in that sea of moving bodies .
Besides their past we can , fortunately adore their beauty .
For those who enter it will be an ' unforgettable ' experience .
Take my cat , Luka , for example , I found it on the streets and felt like keeping it with me when I was 12 years old .
Not only financial development but also the environment is essential to a healthy city .
With concerted efforts , we have made a great stride in environmental protection in recent years as seen in the declining number of waste and increasing number of greenery .
The round table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations at the modern stage ' in St Petersburg State University
On April 29 , 2014 St. Petersburg state University hosted the round table " Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations at the modern stage " .
During the break the participants enjoyed traditional Turkish sweets .
Living in a big city I can cycle to work every day , which I believe is a great way to exercise and reduce my environmental footprint .
However I believe that it is at home that I contribute most to saving natural resources ; we are , obviously , very careful with turning off the taps as we wash our hands , brush our teeth and so on , and we recycle as much as possible .
For some this activity is a torture , for others it is the most pleasurable way of spending free time .
When it comes to parties it is even more time consuming and irksome , than the ordinary one .
Afterwards some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home , it causes more tension and disimproves mood !
Also , some people spend huge sums of money on things that are not essential , they are attracted by commercials , advertisements , sales assistant recommendations , so they do not follow their budgets by buying everything , as they are excited by the shopping process itself , it causes regrets and financial problems afterwards .
Although , shopping may be entertaining , it is still a time consuming and tiresome job .
Being busy and spending time looking for clothes , presents , souvenirs , furniture or healthcare products especially for women may be a perfect way of spending even all day .
This may be the reason why some go for bread and milk and forget about it , after entering a colourful and attractive store .
These strong changes influenced very much the poetry and we can see that for example in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referred to the industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that create it on a furnace .
The idea of brotherhood is present also in " I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud " by Wordsworth because he sees nature , daffodils in this case , as a friend to men .
This change makes most people have to work every day even using their private time , so they need to find out the best way to save their time and fill their energy after work .
To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy them they even might get fast food by phone because of fast delivery .
Junk food contains large unhealthy chemicals such as high percentage of fat and cholesterol which are the most reasons leading customers to obesity and cancers .
According to scientists they said that people who usually eat plenty of junk food will have more than 50% of risks to get obese and even die soon .
Finally is the loss of traditional meals .
I am really hardworking and love kids , I used to babysit for my neighbour 's kids , so looking after kids will be easy for me .
Working in the kitchen does not seem so bad either , because I know that everything depends on our attitude and if I have a positive attitude I 'll have a good time no matter if I 'm doing a fun activity or cleaning dishes .
I hope you think I 'm the right person for this , I think this would be a great experience for me as well as for the kids .
People and Change "
I feel that this can be attributed in the first instance to the changing nature of modern societies .
Even though the boat was ready to go Jessica was afraid for it to break in pieces again , she almost could foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
She tied the boat with long and very strong textiles made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane ; she also used nails to join some new and more resistant wood into the boat .
She was ready to leave but something inside her was telling her to stay , the boat was very resistant but not enough to travel for days and maybe weeks across the ocean , she was afraid .
Meanwhile Jacob is completely in love with that girl he met weeks before , her name was Scarlett , she said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that will change gravity in low levels and in a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive , but as her dad continued with the experiment his boss got so mad he kicked them from the city into that mysterious island .
Jacob told her again if she wanted to go with him to a better place but she still denied , until she accepted with only one condition , if all her family could go with them .
Jacob told Jessica if they could leave the island with Scarlett 's family , she was not happy about it but she said yes .
Some Pro - choice groups and individuals believe that a person have to right of choice , this includes the right to decide if they want to give birth or not .
Even though in some circumstances , such as life threatening and sexual abuse pregnancies , it could be the best thing to do .
The presence of a mother is important in a child 's life especially in the first few months .
The child will have difficulties building and sustaining relationships during adult - life .
Because of this risk abortion can be considered an option .
Impregnation as a result of sexual abuse is not uncommon and in these cases abortion should be a choice .
Even though , not all victims will choose to have an abortion it has to be given as an option .
Even if , abortion has to be given as a choice in special cases , it is not a solutions for accidental pregnancies .
Also in Master 's degree final project II , Dr Montés helped us to accomplish the master 's degree thesis with excellence .
In my work as a research assistant for Dr. Montés , I experienced great learning in many fields , not only in Public Health topics but also in research methodology , public speaking , and writing .
I witnessed and learn form his ability to work with other faculties such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School Law .
Moreover , we developed projects with multidisciplinary teams for the following institutions : the Colombian Ministry of Health , and the World Bank with excellent results .
As a matter of fact students are often seen as empty pitchers ready to be filled by as many information as they can contain .
Secondly , in his letter the professor suggests that schools should spend more money on computer equipment .
Also , in my opinion , young people should not use computers for much time because this could be dangerous for their health , appearing sight problems or headaches .
Taking everything into account , in my opinion every student should have a good encyclopaedia at home because it is much better for their education .
There is a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents as they have to work so hard to end lines and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us- my brother and me- a good living today and future tomorrow .
As a writer - to - be I admire her work creating a fantastic world of magic and epic as well as dark characters which are recognizable all around the globe .
Sometimes our kids invite friends and today my son came with his girlfriend .
After all this courses that I 've done I am wise and do n't talk a lot .
Next to me everybody feel calm and confident . I 've learned a lot in the last 15 years .
Every word I say I say for a reason .
I was excited to get back into the classroom , I mainly teach online today , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
The group 's native language is Amharit ; they have all had to learn Hebrew , so English is a third or for some of them a fourth language .
How are you ? I 'm taking a year off and staying in London for six months so I hope you can help me if it is n't too much to ask .
I 'd like to find a part - time job but first of all I have to find an apartment to live , so I was wondering if you can look for a small apartment where I can live in ; it would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
I 'm looking for a well - paid job because I know that houses are expensive in the city centre .
I 'm looking forward to being there , I also need to take a rest and that 's the reason why I want to find a part - time and not a full - time job .
However , today it is used in more fields , such as medical treatment , elderly - nursing and archaeological studies , as well as education .
University of Southern Denmark organized an experiment , which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do on language tests .
With the help of robotics , like I - BLOCKS , students and teachers might spend less time on studying and some sophisticated processes are simplified as well .
Nevertheless , robotics is not that satisfying because it is complicated to operate which is always the reason why operators are distracted .
Today , more people not only in the field of education , but also in different fields , have made use of robotics as tools to deepen their exploring and studying .
Some places have scenic beauty in abundance while many are famous for their architectural wonders .
In addition every person has different tastes , choices and preferences .
I have visited many historical and tourist places in many countries like Belgium , Great Britain , Spain and others .
Nowhere expresses Moscow , Russia 's vast and ancient capital like Red Square .
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on its four sides stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Department Store ) , State Historical Museum and Cathedral of the Protection of Most Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) centres of government , commerce , history and religion .
All these and many more like its cultural places , famous streets connected to square and gorges as well as old buildings make it " spirit of Moscow " .
Fate may play a role but you have still to try and bring out the best of yourself .
Although it might look difficult at the beginning , time after time you will come to realise how tennis will positively impact on your personal well - being .
Anyway great to hear that you got the job you really wanted and that you enjoy it quite a lot .
I 'm available whenever you are so it 's an affable idea to meet up and hang out .
We could go shopping in the city centre , they have some very cool stores that we both will be able to enjoy even a Primark and I haven't seen some shops anywhere else yet .
Or else there are some pubs we could visit , most of the time I quite enjoy going to a pub on the weekends myself , but it 's all up to you .
It was very considerate of you to send condolences so please , have my thanks .
Also the staff there was very nice and they wanted me to stay , but I needed more money so unfortunately I could n't .
Tell me more about the people you work with and how do you feel there ?
It was a cold night of November I was exploring a lost temple with my friend Michael , we have been looking for that temple since our teen years the temple of the silent cartographer .
The legend says that all the maps of the world are hidden into the temple protected by a guardian called Soneka the dreamer , he is an ancient warrior and his objective is to kill everyone who tries to steal the maps of the cartographer .
at the entrance of the temple were two statues the first was white and the second red , the statues were carrying a sword made of gold and diamonds those swords were used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer , once we passed the sculptures our objective was to kill the beast and grab the map of the golden city .
Then we heard a big noise coming from inside the temple it was Soneka his appearance was glorious a big warrior using a golden armor and a big sword his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the sound our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer Michael decide to stay out the vault I run into the cartographer and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think that , as Robert once recommended , we should discuss the whole spectrum of our cooperation , not just the seminars , define the feasible components and have a WJC - WO MOU on such subject signed .
And because history has a way of repeating itself I truly believe that the olden days of using public transport are making a come back .
On the one hand owning a car means independence , so that , we can travel anywhere we want , whenever we want without being tied down to a set timetable and furthermore , it is certainly more comfortable than public transport .
People do not earn as much money as they used to , in fact they earn a lot less .
Therefore , even though a car is more convenient and more comfortable than any form of public transport , it is also less economical than the latter which leaves people with no other choice than to use public transport .
Well , that 's all for now I hope to hear about you soon .
With our analysis done , this final part is where the results of our work is written and we can tell the difference between these songs and what we thought at the beginning
These songs are relatively modern , but if we take a look we will find some sexism in some parts .
Anastasia 's song tells a story of a victim , meanwhile the others talk about women that fell guilty because they have hurted men .
In our research , the cognition verbs have been the most common inside of the group of the mental ones followed by the affection ones , which is quite normal when describing a love relationship
These cases are always regarding good actions or showing the good characteristics of the man
.
This means he still loves her , but at the same time he 's still hurt .
This activity would not demand huge amounts of money to be done and with a non - significant investment would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
To start running this community will need a few things .
With this in mind money would be spent on constructing a running rute where no - one would have to worry about traffic or obstacules in their way .
There are almost no contraindications to practise this sport so almost everybody in the town has the opportunity to try it at least once .
This activity not only improves your body and health but also helps you have positive thoughts making everyone feel happier .
In my opinion improving the practice of this sport will be a great investment for our community and will have a great impact on our health and in our everyday lives .
It is argued in the listening passage that untrained volunteers could harm the native frogs which are endangered .
Actually I intend to study law but since there is no ' law ' in the subject choices so I chose economics .
From a very young age children can gain basic computer skills through programmes that allow them to learn , draw , paint and play .
However I think that this type of technology might be doing more harm than good .
It is more likely that adults would , use their profile pictures as a way of casually showing themselves , their family , find new clients for their jobs or possibly a recent trip they took .
Comments that are left on their pages mean more to them than words said face to face
It would be advisable to accommodate classes in the main building that offers enough space for smaller classes .
Therefore , I strongly recommend guaranteeing internet access which does not represent a high cost for the academic board .
How would the entire world in general and the mountaineering fraternity in particular , judge my decision ?
I could have been pulled over the snowy cliff by Joe 's fall , in my effort to pull him up instead .
Picking myself up slowly after the numbness around my waist and hip had subsided ; I knew I had little time to apportion blame to Joe or myself .
Ever since I started learning English I have found quite handy watching TV series , especially those which are perfectly subtitled , in order to follow the plot properly .
Even the background is cleverly chosen what enhances the intriguing and dramatic script .
About work , since you are a native speaker of English language and you have and idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply for teaching centers that offer jobs for native - speakers of English language .
As a typical Brazilian I have a favorite soap opera , is called Floribella .
The story is about a poor girl called Floribella she is an eccentric seamstress , she has amazing friend and they have a band together .
He is arrogant but Flor is the only one who can calm him down in difficult situations .
She falls in love with him , but unfortunately he is engaged and his fiancée is an awful person who always try to humiliate Flor .
I 'm afraid to say that this soap opera does n't have a happy end and I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it because it 's a beautiful love story and the characters are really amusing and the story is funny and lovely .
Some of my most satisfying experiences as a teacher have come from helping struggling students to grasp difficult concepts , through a combination of individual conferences , class activities , and group discussion .
Not so long ago I watched film called " 47 Ronin " .
Appearing from another world he will rise up against the darkness to protect his forbidden love .
There are people who have never ridden a bicycle , and people who have never been on an airplane but it would be hard to find a person who has never been in a car .
The newest Japanese restaurant in town - Ohana restaurant is the place to be on a Friday night .
The staff 's clothes are beautifully coloured and believe it or not , all of them are Japanese and can speak English fluently .
For example , every day it seems that an extremely tight deadline is always chasing after me , and makes me breathless .
Take my yoga class for example .
Lastly , some people may think that co - workers naturally melt into our social life since we spend so much time in the workplace .
However , most of the time people keep a good relationship with their co - workers in order to accomplish their common task harmoniously .
For example , we talk about something trivial , such as gripes , and gossip , with our colleagues .
In other words , even though I can get temporary happiness from accomplishing a work task or gaining a compliment from my co - workers , personally I think I obtain more permanent enjoyment and satisfaction from engaging and interacting with the people that I love .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise ... There was a large box standing in front of the door , addressed to me , while I had never received packages before !
For others it is overall a pleasant experience they can not enjoy as much as they would like .
Sometimes women go to the store , just to watch the new stuff , to look around and questions asked by sellers make us angry .
It is said that the man , who go shopping more than one hour is angry and tired .
Sometimes it is also a trouble for women , who want to go shopping with her partner .
First of all I would like to begin with giving some information about the city where the place that you will be visiting belongs to .
The city of Istanbul is one of the famous and crowded cities of Turkey which constitutes the country 's economic , cultural , and historical heart .
Actually I was asked to recommend only one place , but Historical Peninsula is already an area where those historical distincts got together .
The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time and , as a result I got late for my departure to Chicago .
Secondly , the experiences one gets from a multicultural medium is very valuable and makes one more matured .
primarily , because being a developer is my dream job and secondly because developers make a lot of money .
First of all , from a cost perspective , public transport is much cheaper compared to a car , especially when a cost reduction concept like ' car pooling ' is not followed .
The financial benefit that public transport gives to the common man is second to none , especially in common situations like long distance commutes for daily work .
From an environmental standpoint , use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented helping in preserving the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi where the carbon emissions are very high .
During the past five years I have been organizing several events not just in England but also in the United States and Portugal .
However I have also previously worked with older people .
As a matter of fact when you get to know me better , I am very helpful .
Not only the background colour but also the artwork we need to choose .
Maybe there would be some partially damaged sheets so the bank notes will be separated into good and bad .
So do n't look down on the bank notes in your hand now , they are precious .
He did n't found anyone so he grabbed Louis and tried to calm them down .
Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened but Louis was really hungry , so Lucasdecided to go home .
Peter got up and told the cops what really happened , Louis tried to excuse himself but it was too late .
Louis had to pay the window and also clean the school 's canteen for two months , but he realized that what he did was wrong so he apologised to Lucas .
Angie and the store detective ran after " the false disabled " but he was younger and obviously , he ran faster .
The unusual scenario and the great actor Hugh Laurie made the result really innovative for a TV series .
Due to an unsuccessful surgery he had on his leg , he is addicted to painkillers which he makes several attempts to detox from motivated by his only friend Dr. Wilson , but he never really wants to so he gets addicted again .
His revolutionary behaviour and the fact that he let nobody restrain him are the reasons for the series huge success .
Also , the medical cases are intriguing and although someone with no medical knowledge may not understand much , the struggle to save a person 's life captures everyone 's interest .
The innovative aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal action , for example breaking into a patient 's house to investigate environmental factors , which may have caused the particular disease and hardly ever is he punished for it .
I believe it well deserved such popularity , as apart from its scenario , it was on the whole qualitative .
My only objection is that it sometimes went too far which made the audience dislike Dr. House .
So TV , which could be an invaluable source of information and entertainment , actually is becoming a big issue to the development of our society and new generations in particular .
It not only helps reducing pollution , but also allows users to save money , in a world where the cost of gasoline is exponentially increasing .
Only by doing so , we will help to preserve our atmosphere free of CO2 emissions , and all the grim consequences they have .
I think I can be very helpful to your camp , helping you taking care of the kids and also helping you in the kitchen because I really love to cook .
When I was younger i went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have so it would be really great to know I would make some kids make the same way .
We often hear than no obstacle is ever insurmountable , however , is it true ?
In such a way they can remain alert and no matter what will happen .
Our state will have a large sum of money which is an invaluable source .
On the other hand the pensioners will be sure in their future .
However , step by step we will work our way up .
So , I think the statement would be like this " There is no future for travelling by car , because public transport is so much more convenient and cheaper " .
I 'm not a huge fan of sports in general , but I do take pleasure in engaging in smaller scale basketball matches , most of which would probably fall into the so - called ' street ' category , or streetball to be more specific .
For instance , in Chile the programme Elige Vivir Sano tries to improve the eating habits of young people in educational institutions , where fun activities are promoted to students by integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
Public transport has been improved to such an extent that nowadays it is probably competing with private transport .
Without a doubt , long distance journeys are best carried out by plane .
If not , they would not make the investment of a car , pay its maintenance cost and fuel .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase so does for transport ; economic policy of importing countries tend to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
Moreover , considering pollution , private transport seems to be much more difficult to manage because it is an individual decision .
To sum up , future generations will have to face the challenge of a sustainable world and surely public transport will play an important role .
I found out about this new shop from friends and pictures online so I decided to come check it out for myself .
The patio is probably a bit narrow to place tables outside but people can go out and enjoy the view when the weather is cooler .
I started chatting with the chef who told me that he wanted to start a dessert lounge for people to relax and enjoy desserts .
He felt that a lot of places out there tend to make the experience too rush where you have to line up for an hour and finish eating in like 20 minutes before they kick you out .
There are currently 9 desserts offered on the menu with prices ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 while there is also the famous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decide what to get at first because they all sounded so interesting so I asked the chef for recommendations .
He recommended the Bamboo Charcoal as the theme is chocolate which was perfect for me !
The test tube contained watermelon juice with sea salt which was very refreshing to drink in the summer heat .
I did n't know what charcoal ice cream would taste like but it was actually chocolate mixed with a bit of charcoal .
The chocolate flavor was rich but not too sweet while the raspberry sorbet was delightfully tart and tangy .
The dessert also came with a choice of coffee or tea so I opted for the Lime Flower & Lavender Tea at their recommendation as well .
The smell was wondrous from the lavender while the flavor was almost mint - like and refreshing to drink .
Verdict - I was very impressed with the desserts at ATUM Desserant as they were delightful for both the eyes and the mouth !
The price was n't cheap for dessert but if you take into the entire experience and compared to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
They also told me that they plan on introducing a new tea set menu during the day so stay tune !
Imagine looking at Shakespeare in his English class , Einstein in his first science class and Picasso picking up his paintbrush for the very first time .
I have never seen such scenery like that in my country since the climate in South China is humid and hot .
The one who is in the back position will try their hard to block the opponent teammates from scoring while those who play in the attacking position will make up their strategy in order to score .
My advice to those who are starting this sport is to practise a lot as football needs an unstoppable practice to master the game and be the king of field .
From my point of view it should rather be seen as a license to learn .
Consequently I see a pretty massive responsibility for the instructors and dive masters in telling the newcomers about the risks of their sport .
To my great astonishment I witnessed a completely different pattern of behaviour time and again .
Acquiring a language and culture is a long - term process , which includes learning , practicing , making mistakes and correcting .
Everyone is equal so everyone deserves the same .
Because of their fame , they also give employment to other people like paparazzi , journalists .
We live in times where people are very curious about other people 's lives so above - mentioned occupations are necessary ,
Would we , not - famous , people want that kind of interest ?
So let politicians , film stars , singers and others be .
Besides being in charge with organizing his younger sister 's surprise birthday party he had also been put in charge with the entire Information Technology department of the company he worked for .
The truth was he had been expecting a promotion in a nearby future just not in this precise week .
The only problem was that it seemed nothing was going to work on his favour , the servers had crashed and he was the one who had to fix it .
As soon as one problem in the company would be solved another one just as infuriating would come up at the party planning .
He was exhausted so he decided to go home , let his mother deal with the party and any problems would be taken care of by his co - workers .
It was risky ; he knew it but had no energy left in him .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents of purifying water such as boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greek .
The main precaution measure was purely by judging turbidity of the water and this false practice had remained ever since , even nowadays .
Unlike the past , where people have little knowledge about sanitation and hygiene ; with better scientific understanding and public education , people learn to think and evaluate the quality of the water that they are drinking and using every day .
Sitting at any table you can watch the chefs preparing the fresh food .
And as I know that my classmates prefer light and healthy food , I highly recommend going to the " Chachas " restaurant .
Examining teens ' identity construction in social media , he states that profile is where teens " express salient aspects of their identity for others to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " that is updating about life and sharing experiences from the " first person " point of view and ( 3 ) " visual representation " that is " visual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
The children were playing outside , old and new couples were enjoying their love and everything seemed to be absolutely bright .
Her voice was weak and fleble while she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know and then I thought ... we always talked about going in India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go with India with me ? "
But suddenly he thought he was really angry with her .
" I 'm sorry , but I do n't want to hear from you anymore " he said , and then stood up and without watching her walked out of the bar .
As you know I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have a hands - on experience in organising a cultural festival and particularly musical concert .
During my staying there I was responsible for taking care of musicians and contacting media .
It is known that gossip magazines are bought by lots of people who are interested in what these people do , the kind of clothes they wear or even the tattoos they have .
That day was the day , Elena 's birthday , and Ken was n't sure how to give that massive present when suddenly he had an excellent idea .
That morning , Michael woke up full of energy , and feeling very optimistic about his first day in his new job .
When he arrived the receptionist told him to go to his boss office .
After the meeting and when he was leaving he turned back and said : -
A must for all tourists although they do n't want to buy anything is the oldest shopping centre in the country .
Other modern malls are located in the suburbs but do n't worry , our city has an excellent public transport service to get there .
It is celebrated on the mother 's day on May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre plenty of flowers where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
These are some ideas to enjoy shopping while you are visiting our city but there are much more to discover !
Your car will always go to the right place -- no transport changes , no awkward routes .
But -- will it always be the best choice ?
When you want to travel the world or just going to visit your parents , which are two thousand miles from you , it would be better to take a bus or a train .
So in that case it 's better to leave your car at home .
Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to deal with the day - to - day tasks we very often find travelling by our own car it is the easiest way .
At the en of the day we decide to use our car , as the way we live today combining work , family and hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seem to be our best option .
Indeed people can get bored while sailing , if they just sit and do n't interact with the rest of the crew ,
Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on , for me a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also kind of people s / he can possibly have to deal with .
So the most important piece of advice I would give to everyone is : try ,
Maybe you will not get addicted to it as much as I am , but I 'm sure you will have a great time , and in the worst case you will have the chance to meet wonderful people .
First of all public transport is far more convenient for people in big cities .
Nowadays environmental pollution is also important that 's why public transport should be promoted as environmentally friendly way of transport .
Not always car is much more convenient , for example in a big city it is far more convenient to use underground than a car during the rush hour .
When we use public transport we can read a newspaper or book and when we driving a car it 's impossible .
In my opinion nowadays driving a car is very stressful because of traffic intensity .
Of course not always public transport is more convenient .
Also go on holidays by car can be very comfortable .
There are many pros and cons but for sure we ca n't say that there is no future for public transport .
During our stay we require the following : twin - bedded rooms , in the same hotel , breakfast and on occasion , evening meal .
Furthermore I would like to ask you if there are any individuals who can be able to look after groups like us ?
Also it would be great if you could inform me of some special discounts , such as cheaper air travelling .
Although it had been a tiring day she was very pride of that little sheet of paper .
No one could have imagined that she was such a brilliant person and when she gave the article to the boss the latter was quite astonished .
She used to live in a flat so she had never disovered how much the world was different and beautiful .
That evening she met with a local guide she was invited to taste the local food and to dance with the traditional clothes of that friendly civilization .
The following day she came back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they werevery curious about the weird Alison 's trip .
All over the world people of different ages are very fond of sport and games .
There are a lot of kinds of sports such as swimming , wrestling , cycling , box , football , hockey , track and field athletics and so on .
If you go to Europe you can see a lot of people who go in for jogging .
Speaking about sport I ca n't help saying about football , because this is very spectacular kind of sports .
Perhaps , they find ordinary sports too boring and unexciting .
There are different types of extreme sports , for example , rock climbing , rafting , scuba diving , surfing , snowboarding , parachuting , hang - gliding , bungee jumping etc .
Doing such sports people learn how to overcome difficult situations and how to survive in an emergency .
In skysurfing you jump out of an airplane and use a board to " surf " the air , doing gymnastics in mid - air !
For example snowboarding , which has all the excitement of surfing but on snow , is more dangerous even than skiing .
If you want to feel fit you 'd better go in for one kind of sport or another .
To tell the truth I do n't do sports regularly and it is not an essential part of my daily life .
In summer I go swimming as there is a beautiful pond with pure water where my Granny lives .
In winter I go in for skating .
If I have free time I go to the nearest skating - rink with my friends and we have much pleasure , skating together .
Also there is no other better for the role of agent as Mark Ruffalo .
But , lets face it doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singins a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
Even though it is a large campsite it feels small and cosy .
Joey is ... well , he 's Joey : not so clever , a great one for the girls and -the most important- Chandler 's best friend .
When I think about donating money I see sick children and adults with rare diseases , and small groups of scientists and doctors doing their best to help them , but who do n't have enough money for research . I choose them because I know that they are the least people who get help - because how would people help them if they do n't know about them ?
To sum up , I believe more people should start donating to the uncommon charity organisations , to the ones who need more help .
Also , this practice is the primary consideration for an efficient post anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
The majority of patients that has had a general anaesthetic , as Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post Anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , specially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
The first 24 hours of post surgery , is considered the most critical period , because the patient can present , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse need to maintain the cardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Due to the surgery Mr Sharma is in supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and also can impede the air passage that is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is been given O2 via Hudson mask 6L / min , because he received general anaesthesia and all of his muscles are relaxed and at the moment he do not have control over his reflexes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
All students are different in terms of their cognitive styles , learning levels and achievements as well as motivation , personality , and pace of learning .
In Ukraine young people are different too .
Also I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sightseens , to feel culture and speak to nice people !
For the beginning , short and animated movies would be the best , such as movie " Validation " that teaches us how words have the power to change our lives .
With my experience and range of skills I am sure I can contribute to your idea and organise great movie nights .
You will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " and " Corcovado " , I have no words to explain how beauty they are .
Most of the biggest American companies are in Brazil for a long time and as an English native speaker it will be easier to you to find and internship .
I have many tips to share with you , I 'll be glad to do it in person when you arrive .
As you know I enjoyed helping at a concert last week .
It was really exhausting , but illuminating experience .
I spent four years doing one of the things I love the most , dancing .
Some of the selected aspects for this assignment were the characteristics that Holden says he likes in others of his favorite books since this is one of them .
He does not like that his brother is " prostituting himself " by writing scripts for movies since he does not like movies .
The chairs were placed in a U shape which made it difficult for team members to discuss their ideas and to maintain eye contact .
Of course , I originally came there to work : putting the chairs and tables right , ensuring that everyone in my appointed space was well - fed , and keeping an eye on the cash counter .
The research done in this field has provided new mechanisms that give the impression of being an alternative to yield the necessary amount of crops for humans , unfortunately , there is no evidence of GMC 's being completely safe for human consumption .
I would therefore suggest that local products be protected and valorised , to be able to reply to the threat represented by low price imported ones .
I totally agree with this statement and , to my mind , people should travel a lot because our world is incredible .
Not all people can afford travelling by car every day so they choose public transport .
Cars pollute our air what leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergy and even cancer .
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( at least , use public transport ) because it is environmentally friendly !
The late actor Louis de Funès is mentioned as a role model by the chamber of commerce 's guide .
When you get hired by a British employer it will be because of your experience or achievements as a leader in sports .
In France the level of education is the main reason for hiring someone .
In 1995 the French came to notice that their languish was n't enough for doing business worldwide .
The native speakers seek each other out , the British come together with the Americans and the French well … they are on their own .
Now that I have been volunteering for a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place where I expect to have fun and meet new people but I also expect to grow even more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situation . »
When I was nineteen , I started and ran my own business , for me , was one of the most exciting choices that I made .
Of course , without the full support of my family I could n't have done it .
But it was n't enough , the fact of the matter was that I ignored that being self- employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great deal of patience with the customers , it was so hard!.
As a matter of fact Budapest , the capital city of Hungary can be a very good competitor for hosting this sporting event .
The government should renovate the buildings which would be a great shelter for homeless people .
In conclusion it would be a good idea and a viable way through sponsorships .
At first I did not understand anything and I had decided that it was a mistake .
Moreover , they feel they have to make the most of their time to become a university graduate and get a life in what they really love .
Big cities such as Hanoi or New Delhi witness a growth in juvenile delinquency which mostly stems from rural and underdeveloped areas .
This is particularly common among young people who are unable to differentiate between fiction and reality .
In the past people used technology as a tool for making survival an easier endeavor .
Nowadays we are witnessing a shift in the role technology is playing in our society and may continue to play for generations to come .
At the same time this raises the concern of whether technology has a good or bad influence on our society , is the use of technology destroying face - to - face interaction and communication between people ?
Whenever you 're in a coffee shop , standing at a bus stop or taking the tube you can easily see how people are connected to each other using different sorts of electronic devices .
In our current society we can see it daily .
Flattering is different , it is easier to recognize .
Nowadays , in some determinate cases , people when they pretend to get a good position or be promoted , they flatter .
When acceding to these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influences or flattery ; and to be honest I do n't know what I prefer .
To sum up , I would like to invite people who agree with the quotation , to rethink their opinion because everything is not what it seems to be .
But there are some lines ... that are way too dangerous to cross .
If you 're willing to take the chance ... the view from the other side is spectacular .
I am really interested in martial arts , such as Aikido , Judo and self - defense that I have already practiced .
There are some that do not need too much forces and strengths , such as Thai chi and others that need more like Karate , Judo , and so .
Every time , you do a technique you have to show your respect to opponent , and also other ranks , regardless to their age .
Some people think there are some disadvantages like injury , and getting aggressive .
" Encourage learner autonomy - the teacher wo n't always be there to provide answers " Alternatives to whole class feedback onestopenglish .
This time in order to further reduce my TTT I handed over the correction of activities to the students as well .
I hope by handing over the complete control to the class this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negation . techniques
I had an exact copy of what the students had on their clue cards on a separate piece of paper this time rather than in the lesson plan its self .
I highlighted anything that required an action from me on my copy of the clues e.g. handing a student the answers to an exercise .
In heinz sight giving this much control to the class and introducing a new and tricky grammar point ( past modals ) was not the best choice .
The next time I do this lesson I would use a more skills based lesson with perhaps a listening or a short reading .
If grammar was part of the lesson It would need to be a point that is being revised .
Despite having timing issues , I feel that thus far this was the class with the most natural student participation and the lowest amount of TTT .
I throughly enjoyed the lesson and according to student feedback , so did they .
Inside it , we can find the well known sistine chapel , I ca n't tell you how it is , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't entry .
Whatever happens , I 'm sure , you 'll enjoy the city .
As the majority of you I have friends who are still around me since many years ago although we do n't see each other regularly , others simply have softly become less important and some luckily have recently entered my life .
With any doubt a good friend is a treasure .
As the saying goes " A friend in need is a friend indeed " .
If you respect your friends then they will respect you .
As I said before every moment in your life is different as your friends probably are too .
At first we did n't know what was it from , then I realized that the cake had blue berries , and I 've never eaten one before .
Suddenly I felt my whole body itching me , mom took me upstairs .
The learning of our mother tongue language is a long term process that everyone has to be involved in .
On the other hand , I have learned French and Spanish just for a few months , because I was curious to learn the oficial language of the countries , where friends and relatives are living in .
As a student of these classes , especially , of English ; I realized that , although the classes were important , a systematic language practice was essential for reaching an advanced level and , moreover , for maintaining it .
With the tender age of 18 and coping with his eccentric social code and all the possible courage , Patrick moves from his mother 's house to a rented flat in Cardiff to pursue his greatest dream , work in the Anatomy Department at Cardiff University .
Everything started with some attacks here and there but no one really knew what was happening , so the attacks were tagged as " animal attacks " .
The new group worked very well together but there was this girl he just could n't stand at all .
" It 's the end of the world , and I have to spend it with you ? " he whispered , the night had already fallen and they did n't want any unwanted visitors .
I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them , I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood , I do n't smoke or Drink , I have a good level of english speaking and I 've always been hardworking and energetic
I 'm also very good with first aid , so if someone is hurt I 'm very helpful with that too , I can do pretty much anything that you want me to , I love all kids and I love spending time with them , I love playing outside and caring for all the children .
overall I just love children
Now let 's talk about the good things .
I am rather lazy as a person , I ca n't say I really enjoy sports in general but I definitely love walking .
Also , if you want to work more specific place such as electric company , public office and so on , you can apply to internship programme .
If you want to know more information about Korea , let me know and I do n't mind checking your plan to go Korea .
With over two hundred thousand dollars in his bag he was a giant walking target .
But , on the other hand , when they travel abroad , it 's easier to take a train o a plane because you arrive faster and you need n't find a place to park your car and if you want to go somewhere you can take a taxi or a bus or even the underground .
When I first saw him I never imagined that I would love that stranger this way .
One of them was the day we went to a concert of our favourite DJ , we had so much fun , we danced , kissed and sang like never before that night .
Wide eyed , red lips , rosy cheeks , broad - build and a little stubble on his chin , he looked incredible .
She knows , she knows and she knows it is so wrong to put all happiness , dreams and hopes on someone that may leave anytime but she could not help it .
Next we could ask for help to our community . I have some books in my library I could donate .
I am writing to express my very strong interest and motivation to work in one of the largest and most professional companies in the world such as your company .
You will find me to be a reliable person who has a professional , calm and honest approach to all work related matters .
Technically minded and with good problem resolution skills , I am able to work effectively in fast paced and ever changing environments .
Additionally , I would like also to point out some of my personal qualities and values I believe that are extremely important in this profession such as very high motivation to learn and educate in this field more , great responsibility and reliability , furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as possession of well developed communication skills etc .
Given my related experience and excellent capabilities I would appreciate your consideration for any available or appropriate position according to my education and skills .
" So here we are " he said looking upward . "
We better do our exam as soon as we can "
She looked around making faces at everyone around .
" You have to do your duty here too , remember ? We made a progress back in the other city "
As usual , they were talking about illegal things
The other person was n't convinced howewer .
They talked for hours one trying to convince the other , he was doing his best , but at the end , the other man declined .
When he finished talking he looked to the young couple in front of him
" What are you doing here pests ? !
The young couple grinned " You haven't heard about the mind hackers right ? "
He gasped and tried to scream but it was too late to run .
She looked on her laptop , where all the information in that man 's mind was displayed
" Bingo . We got a code "
She inspected the man looking for an Id. She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go , who fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
They got with the receptionist
It was disturbing as kids were also included .
She felt somehow nervous " I know we are doing this to escape this inferno but ... I have a bad feeling about this " but it was too late .
They walked in to find a man looking through the window
" You two are finally here . I know who you are "
It was impossible they deleted every bit of information about themselves
" Did you think you two were going to make fun of me? ... "He pushed her backwards
" Welcome to your tombstone , hackers "
Just how a coin has two sides , television too , has its pros and cons .
Even today processors are in almost every device : dishwashers , vacuum cleaners , television sets , even blenders .
It may sound silly , but I think it actually will make those devices more user friendly and functional .
Even now we can buy TV sets with Internet connection , so development of technology is not a problem .
But we have to ask ourselves why would we connect every device in our house to World Wide Web ?
Reassuming , while design of houses may look different the most important change will be in technology which will make our life easier .
Firstly I would like to say that I have some experience in looking after children because I have worked at a local summer camp last summer .
It 's no secret that there has been a decline in the use of transport such as taxis ever since cars became more affordable and your common Joe became capable of sustaining one , two or more per family , however , does that really mean that the future of public transport like buses is hopeless ?
The problem with this movie is not the story because the book is fantastic and when you read it , you really can feel the emotions to the characters .
Other good features are the customs and the landscapes which give to the movie a very realistic image and carry the spectators to that time
The majority of people think of sport as a way to relax , to get thin or to keep fit .
It is in these moments where I give it my all , and realize that all the pratice I had really paid off .
Generally , the holiday as a whole was good enough as the most important -in my opinion- aspects , like the quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , was very high .
Spending holidays with a group can be very convenient and for some people is the only way of travelling , but the advertisement did not state clearly that it concerned this particular type of holiday , which made me and some others feel deceived .
There are six main characters Ross , Monica , Rachel , Chandler , Phoebe and Joey .
On the other hand Joey and Chandler live together .
And Chandler works in an office but he does n't really like his job .
Phoebe is the funniest of the group , she sings and plays the guitar but she is not very good at it .
The six friends might not have the same opinion , they might argue , they might get angry with each other but they always forgive and forget !
In my opinion young people will love this show .
To sum up I really recommend you to see it , you 'll love it
With no doubt all parents want their children to be citizen models .
However raising a child into a model citizen is extremely hard - working .
Also , parents are like models to follow for their children , and as children do what they see they will copy their parents actions .
Indeed school is the first place where a children interacts with society .
On the other hand , parents may have lack of time to spend with their children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything that their children need , for example pay for their children school .
I have taken part in a volunteer programme , looking after children 6 - 12 during the school term , and therefore I consider myself as having a good knowledge of children 's behaviour , that might be useful for the summer camp .
Looking forward to hearing from you , at your earliest convenience .
As time passes by , the relationship has so many ups and downs , but with consistent love and caring it ends with a strong bond that is n't easily broken .
The only reason I want to recommend this movie to you is because I want you to forget about all the action , thrilling , money making or good fighting evil .
The aim of this report is to briefly describe the main strengths and weaknesses of the course " Good design using DTP " so as to give an overall view of it .
The course took place in the Training center in Regent Street - London on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
All the participants , which were ten in total , were given a personal computer for the duration of the entire course in order to put into practice what was taught .
The tutor , Will Reeves - a lecturer of the University of Cambridge , succeeded in covering the whole program in an extremely effective way .
To begin with , he focused on design considerations with DPT , explaining what software to use , and then he went on to tell us about typography and fonts , layout and balance as well as graphics and logs .
The highpoint , however , was the final practical exercises which gave us the opportunity to test our comprehension .
Not only was the venue inconvenient but it was also dirty .
The general dissatisfaction was perceived by the lecturer too , who pointed it out to the organizers who immediately started looking for an alternative venue .
In addition , in spite of having paid a lot , the participants were not allowed to take any materials away , and this resulted in obtaining a less effective result as the participants did n't have any materials to use to revise .
In conclusion , we would definitely recommend it to anybody interested in this subject for both the quality of the course and the unquestionable preparation of the tutor .
To summarise , large - scale building projects create massive problems which are harmful to human and animals , but the government can be helpful in solving these problems
I learned a lot of new words during the presentations , which I used in my free writing .
Among them a private means of transportation suggests that there is no future for public transport .
Having own car or means of transportation is the dream of every individual including me .
Whether to go to work or other places travelling in private vehicle is hassle free .
Everybody knows about the big problem that our society has , in terms of domestic abuse .
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physical but mentally and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves their sons in the hell it causes .
It is very serious and hard to solve because victims have to be very strong and brave to recognize and face these situations and being able to report their aggressor so as to manage the matter finishes .
First of all , in this film you do n't see a gangster Al Pacino , it 's about a retired army 's coonel who suffers from loneliness and depression .
So , overall I strongly recommend it if you like redemption stories , and if you want to learn some pieces of advice for your life .
First point the professor addresses involves the reading 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and at the same time it will decrease the time frame of getting the project done .
The professor refutes this point of view by saying that based on his own experience this team work could be not so much beneficial .
Thus , one of the team will have to stay late in order to talk to another group causing inconvenience .
Smoking appeals to hearts of many people of different generations , because it gives a fast relief for a short period of time , that is also quite reasonable .
Moreover tobacco contains a vitamin , called PP1 that is beneficial for your health .
Finally smoking is personal choice of freedom for everyone .
So if your habits can be harmful for them you need to understand what 's a cost of it .
For the same reason government needs to control the situation , by using banning strategy if people smoke in one of forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , etc .
Madrid is a huge city which offers a lot of recycling facilities that take care of the environment :
The fact is natural disasters have changed people and animal 's living environment bringing about a multitude of influences in both direct economic revenue of farmers and indirect effects on enterprise .
Additionally , climate change relates to natural disasters also causes farming which has triggered death and forced people as well as animals leave their home . More seriously , climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
It is too early is n't ?
Yes , it hurts , but at the end of the day , almost everything in this world , will make you bleed .
It will make you feel vulnerable but that is life .
Some people do not think of walking as a sport , they believe that a sport has to be a rough activity one that left you overtired and sweeting .
But in my opinion a sport is any activity that requires a certain amount of physical activity , one that can help you to improve your health .
If you are young you could walk fast , if you are old or not especially fit , you could start walking at a slow pace and with time improve your performance
I would like to give some advice to the people who want to start walking : Take your time , do not want to walk ten kilometers the first day , try first short walks and every day increase the distance .
And if you do that then , sooner than later , you will become a walking enthusiast
Everyone in the house was so excited about it but not Michael .
He used to dream him coming in his bedroom , laughing out loud showing off his sharp teeth , threating him with the most horrible punishments .
All of a sudden he heard somebody knocking at the front door .
In a flash his brain sent him a signal and he realized it was only a dream .
He put his hand on the handle and without thinking too much he opened the door .
No doubt that manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and correspondingly it means that things of this colour will be sold well .
That is why the predominant colour in McDonald 's is red likewise in some other cafes and restaurants .
Moreover , for many people the main factor is a price of a thing but not its colour .
Thus , we can conclude that colour is a powerful tool but in the same way manufacturers and retail companies should take into consideration other factors .
We first met at the swings , she smiled and I knew we were going to be friends forever .
I asked her if she wanted a sweet and timidly , she nodded .
When the break was over we went hand in hand to our classroom .
Anyway , I wonder whether it would be useful and able to increase our culture and help us to be more critic towards life rather than impose its power on us .
In my opinion there is future for public transport .
Firstly public transport is useful for people that can not afford a car and their work is far away from where they live .
Secondly public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the enviromnent .
Lastly if the use of public transport decreases drastically or stops many people will be unemployed , they could not win more money and buy cars for going from one place to another .
That will be a complete disaster because now we have nuclear weapons and we would destroy the world .
In conclusion public transport is very important for every person in some way and without it everything will be a disaster
This is some intimate stuff I 'm sharing with you my teacher .
My leg was injured and it was as painful as a thorn in the paw ; after countless hours of crawling .
But before I knew it I was asleep .
I continued crawling on all four while wondering , for how much longer , Simon till we meet again .
I never stopped praying all along ; in hope that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
Emphatically I reminded myself that I should n't have survived had it not been for God 's help !
A second thought crossed my mind telling me that I would miss my family and my best friends !
Hello Sir / Miss .
I have got a family of my own , so I am familiar with looking after children and taking care of them . I enjoy fitness - and can easily help organise children sport activities .
I wo n't be afraid of any sort of jobs , I am ready for an adventure !
She is a great woman hardworking , responsible , kind , friendly , intelligent and an amazing person .
I have fond memories from my childhood , she was always cheering me up when I was in my sad or difficult times , even when she was not feeing well .
Due to the interest in protecting animals , people are eager to take part in organizations such as World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) which is an international non - governmental organization working on issues regarding the conservation , research and restoration of the environment .
this may cause not only the animal death by being run over but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and lose the control of the car .
Kateryna was born in 1988 in Siberia , RF in the family of Ukrainian Tatars .
By this time she had been spending almost all her free time near the computer .
After taking part in numerous festivals and concerts she had finally entered a joint British - Russian program for training socio - cultural managers in the cultural sphere .
This got me thinking , how do adults influence the behaviour of youngsters ?
Think of celebrities for example .
So when admirable adults set good examples for youngsters , they can influence behaviour in a positive way .
1- Most of the patients believe they have got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or injury in the shoulder joint , but this is a myth because frozen shoulder can occur after a trauma or even without any trauma as in elderly people especially those who have diabetes and those recovering from an operation .
2- If you believe that doing exercises worsens your condition , then that is another myth because frozen shoulder occurs to people who stop or decrease using their shoulder joint for a long time .
Usually after major operations , having a stroke or bone fracture .
Cortisone injections are also helpful , these injections can improve everything ; decrease swelling , stiffness and pain .
- Physiotherapy is not only about exercises , some physiotherapy techniques can decrease your pain and suffering .
Nowadays young children are well informed about the dynamics and the complexity about the pollution cycle .
A study shows that adults take care of their personal garbage not just because of their education but because of their anxiety to show their kids that they are a great and responsible parents .
Every year we nominate a person that is responsible for supervising the dustman 's work every single day .
As far as I am concerned there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you take papers to the floor you will have to pay a fine .
There are some kinds of pollution such as garbage and wasted bottles , but some pollution is invisible such as noise and dirty air .
However air pollution affects not only people health but also the whole environmental system .
China is a big industrial country so there are a great number of factories and trucks .
Not only the government should make laws to control the situation but also we should do our best not to create more pollution .
For Example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health ; if you use public transportation , walk more or take bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution bust also improve your health .
While there are many things to appreciate and celebrate about the world in which we live many pressing environmental problems cry out for our attention .
When it was already 10 pm suddenly a car appeared in the dark .
At that moment he seemed like the new Steven Spielberg .
Nowadays he has turned into another director .
Moreover , in a position as a Medical Writer I wrote scientific documents for clients in the pharmaceutical industry .
In the recent years there has been a great change in consumption habits .
In my opinion it is just a matter of time until all the transportation options will be public and the private cars will be left behind .
There are some downsides of an advanced world too , for example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of the technology progress .
Many parents face a dilemma when choosing the type of education they wish to give to their children and one of the first decisions they must take is what type of school they would like their children to attend and whether it should be a single sex school or a mixed sex one .
It can not escape our minds that at this stage and age , children are exposed to sexual images from a very early age and some people would argue that our society is hyper sexualised , which is a reason why many parents see single sex schools as a means to protect their offspring from having sexual thoughts before they are ready to understand the complexity of sex and sexual relationships .
While the hyper sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for may parents , sending their children to a mixed sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they would grow to adulthood .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it appears to me that choosing a single sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and in many cases , reinforce some of the may stereotypes that we , as society , have regarding gender which , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but the child as a key in the future of the country and , as an extent , to the world .
Therefore and to sum up , Is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mix sex schools , which reflects the society we live in , as opposed to single sex ' which may reinforce those stereotypes that are mining society .
All things considered we might conclude that public transport will eventually disappear in the short term and in no time everyone will be driving their own clean - energy - driven flying cars to go everywhere .
Currently I am working as a teacher of English in my city of Dnipropetrovsk .
Nowadays it is important to be a role model for your pupils - so I try to keep fit and show modern movies about staying healthy .
First of all , I have considerable experience in working with teenagers ( for more than 5 years ) which I find really enjoyable .
Supporters also claim that , it is vital for some countries which are struggling with famine .
Genes could be changed before a baby is born thus , inherited illnesses would no longer exist .
In both novels the writers also dealt with the mistreatment of children in workhouses ( " David Copperfield " ) and Boarding Schools ( " Jane Eyre " ) .
In Dickens ' novels Realism allows the readers to know how tough London society was in that period .
What he did n't know , or just could n't accept , was he was unwilling to tolerate other people 's views , and jokes that 's why he packed my things and asked me to find another place to stay .
I explained to him it was the chance of my life given that good jobs for women are difficult to find , pay is n't the same as for men and I felt I did n't receive the status men in my company enjoyed .
I mean it was a joke I made and I had no real intention to leave him .
The things some of them wanted , unbelievable!Luckily , I had some other students helping me find all the curious things for the famous .
This means that the food being more resistant to pests and agricultural diseases can minimise the use of chemical pesticides and fertilizers that can poison the water supply and pollute the environment .
In the second section both the girls and the boys interrogated claimed that they do n't spend their free time going to the theatre or the opera .
Unlike the boys the female respondents usually do n't feel like going in for sport at leisure .
In contrast to the male respondents the girls interrogated go to evening classes in their free time .
Like the male respondents the girls interrogated go regularly to the cinema .
In the third part of the questionnaire was found out that the male respondents are similar to the girl respondents in that they both enjoy listening to music at home more than 2 hours a day .
In contrast to the girls interrogated who almost never play computer games the majority of the male students gamble for hours at leisure .
According to the findings , it is clear that nowadays going to nightclubs and cinemas are more popular than going to theatres and operas or visiting historical places .
There are therefore a clear need for young people to prefer active and educating leisure time activities to passive ones .
Of course you can share your opinions and experiences about your stay wherever and with whoever you wish .
There has never been any intention of hiding the truth as you said .
We are sorry for the time it took to relocate you , the least we could do was to offer you an upgraded room at Paraiso Mar y Beach .
Given the circumstances we would like to offer one of the following compensations if you decide to travel with us again in the future :
In my opinion many people depend on public transport to get to their place of work , university or school .
If you compare the price of petrol with the price of a bus ticket you can clearly see how much better it is to travel by bus .
I enjoy travelling by bus or train , on your journey you can read or just look through the windows .
But despite all this there will always be people without a car who needs to commute every day so there is a long future for public transport .
On the one hand you 'll feel more active and you 'll realise how your brain memory gets better and better .
To wrap up the article I 'd strongly recommend that young people to learn at least a new foreign language especially if you 're a student .
Nowadays , famous people like movie stars , politicians , models and other celebrities suffer from lack of privacy .
They are also the reason for many problems , which appear in private lives of some celebrities .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour and celebs are aware of the fact , that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in one 's private life , when the person does n't want to is basically a synonim for trespassing .
It is very hard to lead a normal life , when you have to think all day long , about what you say , what you wear and first of all , what you do .
Being a celebrity means working all the time , you have not a single moment to relax and forget about your work .
In my opinion everyone deserves to have a private life even if he is a public person .
They think that due to scandals they will be able to get fame , live in the lap of luxury and have a lot of money .
For these kinds of people it is important not to bring out family scenes and problems , as they do n't want to be disputed in public .
I hope you find it useful as I did last month .
Nowadays almost everyone in the world has contact with computers and the great majority of them have been using the Internet .
American press had widely illustrated the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which has been spread in the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
The tensions in the Soviet Union came to its peak in August 1991 , while Gorbachev was on vacation in the Crimea , a group of right wing military and KGB leaders staged a coup in Moscow .
The American press summing up the era of Gorbachov frequently highlighted his attempts to increase the openness of the Soviet society .
The article of the New York Post " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 August 1991 when the legally elected President of the country was removed from power .
Also it shows the disposition of the soviet people towards the changes in the country . "
This coup had a big resonance among the American society ; consequently the US mass - media were eager to know the feelings of the US citizens about the situation in the Soviet Union .
Russian President Boris Yeltsin proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union that would minimize the role of Mikhail Gorbachev and reduce the USSR to a loose confederation of nine republics . "
The Communist Party , which has had control for 74 years , is rapidly dissolving - the Chicago Tribune wrote .
The US mass - media followed the reaction on the crisis inside Communist party closely One of the articles of the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " tells that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
In the Washington Post the editorial remarks that the failure of the Moscow coup has finally broke the influence of the Communist Party over the power structures and the world outlook of Soviet people .
On the 25th of December 1991 Gorbachov has officially resigned .
As requested I interviewed a large number of young people , trying to understand their main interests , especially as regards music , TV programmes and clothes .
The people I interviewed are very keen on reality shows like " Big Brother " and similar but I have to say that many of them are also interested in cooking shows and documentaries .
Establishing English as the new worldwide spoken language might be a favourable example since English is already spoken by more than 300 million native speakers and therefore the third most spoken language in the world , according to Ethnologue .
Moreover English is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotiating within the business market .
However , the realisation of English as a world language would certainly need an educational basis for everyone which might not be easy to accomplish but it would be possible .
While teaching everyone English it would also be profitable to instruct basic knowledge in mathematics , physics or other relevant topics which might be helpful .
Moreover , the standardised educational system would also need people who teach and instruct others so the world language will be established everywhere .
After all , a couple of professions might become extinct , for example translators , but , therefore , the organisation and execution of this big project would provide a range of other jobs which can make up for the ones lost .
The educational system would also provide a valuable basis for the world of politics so conflicts might be prevented due to the lost language barrier with its vulnerability and risks of misunderstandings .
On the one hand there would be a great loss of cultures and in some cases the implementation of the educational system might be impossible , for instance the aboriginal people .
Anyway , , those tribes would not even need or want an education or a world language because it is their way of life to live in groups together with the nature and disturbing these cultural groups would simply be unnecessary .
On the other hand the suggestion of English as the world wide spoken language might be up against much criticism since the United States do not have many supporters everywhere .
Nevertheless , English was just a suggestion and other languages like Spanish or Chinese could certainly be used as well .
Yes , they are right in saying so and in fact , many people are second - hand car owners .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for scarcity of land , there are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company are hence may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees of using the parking lot .
In short , I consider that change is always the best way to develop our personality to become better people in any aspect of our lives because it represents a major challenge .
It is true that sometimes it is hard to accept certain changes but we can always learn something useful from them .
You said that your flight lands at 10.30 am so it 's better if you go to the train station near the airport .
When you get out of the airport you have to turn right and walk for ten minutes and then the station is right in front of you , it 's quite simple my friend ! I 've just looked the timetable and your train arrives at 11.04 am .
In the following essay I want to discuss the most useful skills which should be taught in school from an early age on .
A few months ago month he had been spending two weeks in Brussels .
During winter Brussels might be quite cold .
Stress - it makes your life easier since you avoid driving in the middle of traffic jam
The more I understand it the more I like it .
What 's more , Seville is bright , colourful and lively which cheers me up and relaxes me .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends as in Switzerland each one gets its own dish when eating out and only go for a " pub crawl " .
I am also keen on wandering off at my own pace and getting lost on the winding narrow cobbled streets as I feel like an adventurer looking for new treasures .
Some of these are striking secluded places such churches or Moorish - styled houses .
This year , in Italy , for the first time in more than 200 years , it happened a weird coincidence : the political leader Silvio Berlusconi and the singer Ligabue marked their careers on the same day .
Switzerland is a small country also take your time and spend enough time in each place .
For instance if you plan to stay more than one week in Zermat in Wallis , think to try to find a place where you could help in a restaurant or a shop .
Finally you can choose who would travel with you .
This TV serial is mainly based on working class people and represents various ethnic minority communities including African and Asian Muslims .
This show is particularly good as it represents how people from different ethnic backgrounds can engage with each other .
I am very concerned about this proposal , for a number of reasons .
To support my argument against this proposal I would like to explain what happened when the authorities attempted to introduce a ban on smoking in my home town .
I can speak English and of course German - and because my grandparents are from Korea , a little Korean , too .
The good thing is : the rest of the time living with boys is as uncomplicated as it gets .
Also I visited the USA multiple times : I travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
Besides , I am open - minded , easy going and friendly .
In a club you will find professional advice and also as many peopole as it is necessary for a match .
Please , find my CV and Letters of Reference attached .
Having graduated from UCLMD in 2016 as an IT - based marketing communication professional , with a focus on Business English , I could be a great asset to your company .
During my studies I doubled the conversion rate of a London based hotel 's website , and improved the effectiveness of their e - mail campaign by 150% .
I did so by clearly outlining principles , which proved to work with their target audience and can keep using as a guide .
You can find a list of these , with my achievements in my CV .
I have been following your marketing activities , and I have a number of new , creative ways on my agenda , I could improve your brand image as part of your team .
The regular meetings with my group of students to discuss their questions on econometrics have developed my empathy which is a crucial skill of being a leader .
At the beginning it was really difficult to me because I was a little shy with customers and I was n't used to working among noisy machinery and shouting workers , but after a while time I learned to ignore all of that !
Five years have passed and I 'm still working for this company which has given me a lot and I 've been learning many things about accounting .
In fact I am administrative manager and I feel really proud of myself .
Last but not least I 'm a great fashion expert because I work near the shopping streets !
My name is Aly Meeuws , I am 16 years old , I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future , so this would difinitely be a great experience for me especially for my English and being away from home .
Until next summer I will still be in school but hopefully I will graduate so I can go to college afterwards .
Often after school I babysit my parents friends ' children and I usually really like it ! I am also a very athletic person so I would not mind entertaining the children for a longer period of time and also doing some physical exercises .
Besides that , I also really enjoy cooking with my mom at home so working in the kichens would not be a problem at all .
Once I cooked a Christmas dinner for me and my whole family and surprisingly everyone enjoyed it which definitely came as a surprised to me !
There has never been a bigger force for change than technology , it changes absolutely everything about the way we live , even the way we talk with each other .
Finally it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technoogy .
On the other hand , on Facebook people can share pictures , vídeos and thoughts without restrictions .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not especially for socialising but also for academic purposes , like to obtain benefit for their studies or to recover time in discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA used Facebook to share a vídeo of a felony with the expectancy to identify the suspects and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in return to the publication .
We discussed about some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with what the society demands on people and I noticed a little sexism of him , but I was fine with that because That can happen , but due to my profession he could n't be like that for so long because I was in a man 's shoes .
He was very jealous but I thought it would fade away with time and with the gaining of the trust but it did not and ended up making me sick by the time passed .
I learned that a man does anything to conquer a woman , he even does a lot of hateful things for him such as going to her home every night to stay together or to hang out , while later you find out that he hates going to places except his house .
But in my opinion this should be an excuse to think something that women should n't know anything about .
I also learned that is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man 's mind , and depending on her he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help and be an honor man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
- I am so sorry Madam , excuse me for my blunder .
I am Michael .
The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answer him with a big smile - You are excused , my name is Sophie.- It truly was love at first sight .
Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that through the time became in more than just a friendship , they fall in love for each other .
Michael decided to leave the kingdom , when he was just about to close the door he turned back to his coffee table and saw the letters , he had a hunch but he ignored it .
People may choose to ignore the advice now but in future they may not have a choice .
It 's a comedy with romantic features and at the same time very realistic .
Interestingly , they find the way to help each other and not surprisingly finally they fall in love .
Furthermore you will increase the course fee by 15% from next month .
I am very sorry but I can not accept this !
It 's about the story of a little boy that is haunted by a big secret , he is visited by ghosts .
I found this movie both exciting and emocional , both thumbs up for me !
As the secretary of the English Language club i am writing to propose that our club be given funding for the coming year .
For example , with every film seen our students have the chance to practice their language and to develop their own opinions , particularly as we always have discussions aroud a subject related to the film .
Also our monthly speakers are exellent , for example , last year we invited a well - known actrice , Janet Hewitt , to share some of her experience on Broadway .
Especially , when it comes to go shopping .
Afterwards the crowd of people is ramming me , when I 'm trying to walk .
At the end I 'm livid and exhausted .
The way Easter and specifically Good Friday is celebrated is gradually deprived of religious content .
People do n't want to to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directly to the cheerful part of Easter celebration , so to Easter Sunday .
Suffering as well as death is pushed away from our real life - we do n't want to experience them but rather watch it on different kinds of TV shows .
In a consumptive lifestyle we want more and more for ourselves , but not for other people , because it will require self - sacrifice .
It was a hot summer day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes at the cleanners , everyone except Peter .
Suddenly , Peter started to run , while he ran , he looked at his watch , over and over again as if by looking at his watch time would stop .
He stopped at a great big building knowing that the fastest way to get to the top floor of the building was by taking the elevator , but what if the elevator stopped ?
He decided to take the stairs and so he did .
Peter smiled for a brief moment as he remembered his obsession with Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity , he thought " finally I understand it " .
It is clear that most of them use computers and watch television almost every day , but while they are doing this they are sitting in a comfortable sofa .
It is true that many young people do extra activities related to sports like football or basketball .
It seems to me that school programmes would make young people be encouraged to keep fit because in this way , they do their favourite sport in a routine way .
In a couple of years , I became much better and I learned to do many tricks like skating backwards , the Snake and the Zigzag .
I entered middle school ; I met two friends who also love to skate , Mohammed and Khalid .
I realized that this is what I am looking for , a new additional excitement to add to skating .
Once on a weekend , it was my last year in middle school , I was at the park practicing as usual .
This weather was an obstacle , it was impossible to skate in this condition .
Both places are extremely crowded with people on the weekend , unless you enjoy people watching , early bird shopping is highly recommended .
Lastly there are sports dedicated malls , which are velocity in Novena , Kallang mall and Queensway mall .
I 'm , usually , not good at talking or any social things .
But at the same time advertising has many features in common with art .
Like art it is intended to evoke emotions and feelings .
To be successful advertising often uses images from popular movies , catchy melodies , unusual graphic elements and fragments of famous paintings .
Often people , who are watching a commercial , do not remember what details or elements of other visual art types they have seen before .
Secondly , art as well as advertising is such a large part of our everyday lives .
Visual advertising like painting uses color , value , space and line .
Also it uses balance , contrast , emphasis and proportion .
Lastly , advertising like art originated a long time ago .
Now advertising is a big part of modern culture .
Modern technologies , the development of mass media are allowed advertising to become the greatest art from the 20th century .
They you should take a decision of choosing roles : start by asking for volunteers ; and always ensure that everyone in the class has a role or something to do .
Some learners will not want a spiaking part , you can even ask them to be promters .
Also they can see how much language they can produse .
In a world of increasing environmental awareness improved public transport represents the way of the future .
Although people do enjoy the convenience and privacy of travelling in their own private vehicles , in my opinion they may choose public transport if it fulfils certain conditions .
You also need to know some basic rules such as putting out your arm to indicate when you turn and of course , you need to know the highway code .
during the concert I was responsible for checking tickets .
" Thank you " , I mumbled and went straight to the fridge .
My hands were sweating and the other boys were waiting outside ecstatic .
A second later a child entered the shop and began to move around quickly .
I thought it was the perfect moment and at the speed of light I put a whole box of sweets into my old bag .
I was going to leave when the bitter and loud voice of the man surprised me .
" I do n't know " , he answered confused .
" Dear me ! How can you be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively taping his feet .
In a few sentences we can get an idea of what it is .
If you like animals you 'll ejoy seeing that beautiful horses running and vaulting as fast as they can .
If you like to bet and you 're not used to doing at horse races , maybe you 're looking forward to trying to bet on the nose or each way .
Meanwhile you can have a good time drinking some bubbly .
Anyway , if you knew beforehand your odds of winning it would n't be so thrilling .
And if you want to admire the wonderful world of hats , you 'd better buy some magazine where you 'll find all the photos for just 2 €
Because two days ago I 've read an article , by Nadine Bös , about this topic .
On the one hand there are hardly any banks in these regions , so they do n't have access to bank services .
But on the other hand the number of mobile phones has risen .
Through this many people would have access to mobile banking and in addition to that it makes money available so it can be used in shops .
Furthermore mobile phones allow last - minute - changes very easily .
However , the biggest strength of the mobile phone is also the biggest risk in my opinion : being connected all the time creates a lot of stress for people , as you are always available for everyone .
Therefore you do n't have any time to relax , which is essential , even from your leisure duties .
The same is valid for business life : if employees are available all the time , they take the worries of the daily business with them to their home which means a lot of stress .
Once he realized that he was the only person awake he knew something was wrong ..
The first 2 years all was perfect until the day number 734 .
It was such a hot summer that it was impossible to turn off the ventilator and I was a bored child with a laptop . I had signed in on the social network Tuenti and I liked passing all the time chatting .
Louis was convinced that this new project will be an incredible opportunity for him to try new things and study different fields , which he enjoyed , he loved to read about science , inventions , and stay up to date with the news .
The company immediately replied telling him that they were sorry if they did n't reply days earlier , but they could n't since the system crashed and did n't allow them to send electronic mail , just to receive .
Later , that same day , Louis went cave diving in the mainland .
When he was exploring the bottom of the sea he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him , that 's when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
Although it also needed to be flexible it needed to be tough .
What happens to the rubbish
Although citizens usually obey those rules , in some cases they are completely neglected .
Finally , if every person drives his / her own car , pollution shall considerably increase affecting air conditions .
When I opened my eyes I saw a beautiful chair with orange and green stripes .
Suddenly the chair jerked up and went straight out of the window while I was still sitting on it .
It swerved beautifully avoiding a tree and landed on the ground as softly as a butterfly .
Taking a year off might help people who are uncertain about what to do next to make up their minds , while trying new things and making new experiences that will be useful later on their lives .
Or maybe during the year off somebody could also decide that they do n't want to continue their studies , because they already found what they want to do or be .
Also I am able to work with children as I used to be a tutor in the sport summer camp .
I 'm a very extroverted guy , with experience taking care of children as I 've been working as a skiing trainer for 2 years now , this winter it will be the third .
It can be seen in many aspects ranging from producing a maintenance process , improving performance for a specific part of the mechanical system to creating the whole new product .
This is because despite having experience in industrial design , I was never taking part in the design process from the initial stage .
Response : From all my experience , I have specifically more than 2 years of experience as consolidation controller in a Spanish multinational company and the rest of my experience as auditor shared between Venezuela and Spain .
Response : I am seeking a salary in the € 40000 range plus benefits .
In addition the car is one of the means most used not only its quickness but also because the cost of public transport is increasing every year .
We should also consider the fact that nowadays life is so busy that we ca n't waste our time taking public transport .
To conclude , it seems to me that it is fine to use cars sometimes but whether the quality of public transport was better , the amount of pollution and accidents would decrease .
As is well known , about 70 per cent surface of earth is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean like Australia makes the most of ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water need .
Despite over shared water resources could lead to violence and even international tension , few countries suffered these problems .
You may not have never thought about it but you ///would///could///might/// be able to jump from a plane if you wanted .
So I would say those types of acting are even in the sense of external factors .
And controlling your voice is also important for the film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors that is keeping your voice expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate emotions and feelings of their model character .
Furthermore people actively use private transport such as cars , motorbikes , scooters and bicycles .
In my view the best solution to all problems would be limitation of private transport in the centre but not absolute banning .
Secondly , the article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Helps Babies at High Risk of Autism ' is based on a video - therapy , which improves the interaction between parents and autism - related babies in a way that would help develop the children 's communication abilities and social engagement .
Here we have brand products and no name products .
Now the question is , if it is really justified that brand products are much more expensive than no name products .
Most people associate brand products automatically with higher quality or better taste , while they think no name products are just cheap and without any quality and a bad taste .
In surveys , it was asked if consumers would rather buy brand products or no name products .
Most of the consumers said , they would buy brand products .
After that the consumers made a blind taste test .
As a result you can say it is not always justified that brand products are more expensive than comparable other ones .
It is like " Everybody has it , I need it too ! "
In some cases it may be true that brand products are better than no names , for example technology products , but products like Red Bull or others like that , are definitely not always better .
In this period it 's mostly sunny and warm , but in the evening it gets a little cold and windy so bring some jumpers or sweaters ...
In conclusion , people will do what they want smoothly and politely , if they wait patiently in queues .
I 'm Sara and I 'm a half - italian , half - spanish , seventeen years old girl with a really cheerful , energetic and hardworking personality .
I love children and it would n't be annoying for me to take care of a group of little monsters and organize sports and activities for them , actually I think I would really enjoy it and my day would end up with a tired smile , but a very bright smile .
English is also my favorite language since I was a child , I started studying it at the age of three with a really nice teacher named Helen and I continued improving my English watching American movies and TV shows during the past few years .
Best regards .
Firstly I started a new job , it did not turn out they way I hoped unfortunately .
While we might talk about our job a bit too much I do n't think it is uncomfortable to work side by side .
I met some roleplayers at Wiscon and also some live roleplayers through Geek Network , of these the live roleplay looks promising .
Lastly I hope next year will bring some stability .
If I move again I know it would take another year to find other people at least .
Suddenly the doorbell rang , distracting him from his inner struggles , and he heard his Mother opening the door .
These people can be deemed as the best teacher in our life , even if these people perhaps are not our parents .
It is difficult to think about Paris without its Eiffel tower ( it was built several years after the revolution ) , but I 'm sure it was a gorgeous city as it is nowadays .
Thank you very much again for helping me getting the tickets for the concert in London but unfortunately I have bad news for you today .
As you know I 'm not the best student and I 've already failed in this exam twice , so there is only one more chance and I have to take it this semester .
Otherwise I will be taken off the university register .
To be honest I got really mad at him because I really wanted to go to London and I also already got tickets for my flight .
You do n't know how ashamed I feel now , not only for you because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
Otherwise I could sell both tickets and we can have a look if we want to go to the same concert here in Germany .
I was placed in the top 10 with a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
First , upon graduation , I immediately joined a highly recognized firm , performing a double role of legal consultant and sub - manager , when I was only 22 years old .
In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Afro - Americans , they had the control and they were in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men where in charge of the crops .
They did not have a chance to receive any kind of education at all , it was absolutely forbidden , and that is why they could not aspire to more important jobs .
Afro - Americans were completely segregated , Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , that is the main reason why each race had their own church and their houses where separated to .
Moreover , women in the Afro - American society where threatened in the most denigrating ways , men were the undisputed authority in the house .
It had been a long and rainy day ; Tom had been working all day and was very tired and hungry .
Surprised he thought he had n't seen her for a long time .
First of all , our environment is polluted and if we are determined to save it we should definitely stop using cars .
Although many countries do not offer a good public transport service , once people get rid of cars there will be more money for the improvements .
It seems like cars are losing the battle in this case because these cities propagate the idea that riding bicycles can lead to better future .
About the task that you ask me to do , unfortunately I do n't have enough knowledge about LIMS yet .
Of course that if you have any suggestions please tell me .
International suppliers take , at least a week to deliver an order .
Michael however , made a living off his fights , at a young age Michael was attacked and mugged in the street so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be bullied again .
If the demolition crew camp in front of my place again tomorrow I 'll just show them the form ...
" he said taking a pill . "
But then again what good is a useless piece of paper ? " he panicked , putting the box on the night stand he did n't even understand the passing of time !
He was doing well despite his sad life .
His anxiety caught up to him every now and then but the good doctor had prescribed him a good remedy !
Suddenly Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , Called Baxter and took a bat with him upstairs .
Michael closed the door , saw his dog gasping for air and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Whether they like it or not , right from the beginning all you do becomes attractive for the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date to , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
I mean by this that for sure there are some days in which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have stuck those journalist following till the door or awaiting them stationed in front of their houses .
Parks in the north - east and south - east have been reduced to make way for larger housing estates the one in the north dramatically increasing accommodation in Eastminister .
south of the river , an industrial area has been constructed next to the existing railway while residential streets have been converted into more modern apartment blocks .
With increasing housing has come a bigger hospital and more shopping facilities the existing shops being built on the site of the old school , with a new school opening on the north bank of the river .
In my opinion I am very patient and willing to explain difficult topics over and over again .
However , I find it difficult to use activities every lesson because they are time consuming .
For instance , when I hear that another English teacher finished Unit 5 and I am still at Unit 4 I feel incompetently .
He made her feel bad so why would she do n't do the same ?
its own end ? .
He placed a hook over the door , tied the object to it and standing on a chair put the object around his neck .
For example my parents hug me every day .
My mother makes me breakfast every morning and my brother brings me cookies , when I have a bad mood .
Also they always support me no matter what I do or think .
Fossil fuels are our most common energy source , even though , they produced a terrible effect on global warming on account of releasing gases into the atmosphere .
In addition , they produce nuclear waste which is a major problem for the environment and public health .
She may be right about that treadmill because there is a cycle in which consumption results from work which necessitates further consumption , but theory would indicate that this is a positive , self - perpetuating cycle because increased consumption yields increased utility , therefore maximizing utility .
In my view Ms. Luhr is succumbing to her emotions rather than her logic because everyone knows that increased work yields increased wealth and increased utility , and this is the ultimate goal of a rational person who is acting selfishly which is how economists think people act .
This reference is for Tom Black who is applying for the position of social activities officer at your English Language College .
At that time he was heading the Public Relations Division and he was in charge of a team of 6 people .
Moreover , he is very well organised : he is able to manage several difficult tasks at the same time , coordinating resources effectively .
Due to all the above considerations , I would highly recommend Tom Black for this position ; I am sure he is the right person for your College .
Since then I have undertaken further practical training in advertising and marketing communications at Moscow International Higher Business School(MIRBIS ) .
Moreover , I love children , that is why I am kind and friendly person .
In this way I would have the chance to spend my holidays in your enjoyable country and at the same time study .
1967 Feurer 's career went up like a rocket .
At the same time he worked for the Pirelli calendar in 1974 he also featured shots that appeared in Elle , Vogue , Numero , etc .
The career of a Somali - American fashion model Iman also began after this pioneering shooting .
These images became the subject of Feurer 's eponymos book , lavishly illustrated with 175 photographs , illustrating his five - decade long career .
Obviously the weight is the resistance , which will help the individual to gain strength and mass .
Every time I go to the gym I feel like I have to breaking my limits and replace them with the feeling of success .
However if you are still very stressed , then you might drop one of them , I certainly do n't know which one you should drop , I think I would drop the music lessons , because sports are good for your physical and mental health , and also help you to be fit and it 's more interesting for me ; but maybe a list with the pros and cons of sports and music lessons can help you .
I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have super powers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we save the planet from intergalactic threat but unlike them , all together we can save the planet from an even greater threat , its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
Just as we have the courage to provoke , we have to have the courage to do something to fix , let us become that super hero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live .
They would also enjoy our museums and galleries which can bring them closer to our history and traditions .
I would recommend implementing all the suggestions listed above because these improvements will increase the number of foreign students making their accommodation in the town more pleasant .
Israel obedience to commandments was not a matter of submission to the divine will as much as it was a response to love
La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant , that makes pizza and all the Neapolitan specialties , as all the type of fried .
The owner Patrizio , is really nice and you can often find him out of the restaurant talking to some guest .
I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two halls and one of them is always used for big groups of people , like us , the service is really rapid and in front of the restaurant there 's a beautiful square where we can have a drink while watching the typical Neapolitan evening .
Obviously everyone loves pizza , so it 's the perfect place .
Every day the science and the industry are developing new materials , technologies and clean energy sources .
When you are on holiday , try to make contact with other English - speakers , and who knows ?
This is a very common argument : the true genius stands out so much that can not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized then he is not a genius .
But this is faulty reasoning : it accept the idea that a genius is always recognized on the basis that in history geniuses have always been recognized - which is not true , or at least is not demonstrable .
They take for granted that historically geniuses have always been recognized , but in reality they are only talking about geniuses that , in fact , have been recognized .
They know nothing of those who have not been recognized and that may have been completely erased from history , and therefore can not be used as an opposite example .
In the 19th century for some , such as Cesare Lombroso , geniality resembles mental illness .
For Lombroso exceptional people are independent , away from the banality of life , isolated , impatient , asocial , often considered crazy .
The time in the university is the most important time in our lives because , we learn lot of things and it prepares us for our future career .
In my opinion classes with discussion are better .
For instance , a year back I was in north Texas university in USA , there was a health management and policy class with almost no lecture but with lot of time for open discussions .
On one day we spoke about medical treatment cost in different country and one of my friend , Wole was from Nigeria .
As a result we all know what to be done so that we can make little changes in the reform to lessen the cost of the treatment .
In order to get good grades we are forced to participate in discussion .
As a result I overcome my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found its not difficult as I expected .
All in all though some may oppose my opinion , it is clear that classes with open discussion and almost no lecture are preferable because interaction with other student will broaden your mind and you become a better speaker and thinker .
with reference to your job announcement I am submitting my application for the vacancy at Green Pepper Cafe .
Being a student of economics in this town ( expecting to graduate next year ) I am currently searching for a job at weekends .
Your job description sounds to be a good fit for my search since I am well experienced in serving guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
It 's an excellent idea , of course we should go , I bet there are lots of things to do so we can have a great time .
Well , all your suggestions sound good to me , however , I would probably choose climbing because not only is it an extreme sport but it is also an exciting activity I would like to try .
About Saturday evening , why do n't we just stay at home and watch some One Direction videos ?
First of all , there is no denying that parents may teach their children enormous fundamental living skills , on which their progeny count .
In contrast , living in a society is another story : people might blame , compete , or even hurt others no matter who you are .
Although it 's true that I do n't actually love sports , once I found golf it totally engaged me !
Also I remember sweat perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the streets of old town and mixing with the smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes and restaurants .
I remember the warmth of twilight wnich lures you to the heart of this town .
On the one hand the old one could be hard wired into your brain .
It also has another negative effect , you have limited time on this planet .
Why would you waste your time learning a new language , when you probably do not know enough about your own .
We would like to say thank you for your presence in the event , we are delighted because you chose to promote our educational program , we are pretty sure that your presence helped a lot to promote this program with the new students .
No change , no life . Nature is life and death , construction and destruction .
No change , no Nature .
To stop the change is impossible That would be against Nature and against ourselves .
But at the same time we are working against Nature - let 's think of pollution and climate change - and against our own human nature : distress , allergies , strokes and heart attacks are nowadays more and more frequent .
But some people can get annoyed by this kind of activity . They may be irritated by loud music in the shopping areas , long queues at the cash desk and crowds of customers everywhere .
However now I am working and planning to continue working as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Also may I have information on which version of the IELTS should I take , the Academic or the General Version ?
Many non - EU citizens live and work in Europe but for this to be successful they have to be able to integrate into their receiving society .
Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked to his partners in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood , incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted in Holy blood at the church .
At this press conference Inocencio assured that next year he will try to prove if pigeons truly represent the Holy Spirit .
Usually my eating habits are similar to the most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast around 7.30 and 8.00 , I eat bread with cheese or jam and I drink a large glass of milk with cereals .
At lunch many people eat a lot ! I start with a small soup and then I have the main dish and the desert .
In the afternoon I eat some cookies .
Tom was getting really anxious , worryng that he would never make it back to his job at 2 pm , the flight arrived .
First of all , I would like to make it clear that " red " is not related to the colour only , this word also means " beautiful " in Russian .
According to UNESCO literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and that creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieve sustainable development , peace and democracy .
Also you can be understood by other cultures .
I get along with my siblings very well but we do not see each other very much .
Not to mention that when I am trying to talk to them they always space out and then say that they have their own problems .
There is probably an array of motives to explain such phenomenon but for me that happens for one particular reason ; the shot clock .
A corious fact is that out of the five most popular sports in the world only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that 's exactly what sets him apart from the others .
The bottom line is ; a fast paced game is a much more exciting experince for players and viewers as opposed to a slow paced one and that makes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desireable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations , and the combination of the two is the only way to success , so if you want to be a good player you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and surveing the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you .
Most of these , in fact , have very predictable plots , are full of cliches and since it 's so easy to figure out how they will end , they are usually very boring .
This is why I was very surprised when I came out of the theater after seeing " Looper " and thought " Hey , I just saw a thriller with Bruce Willis in it , and it was actually a really good one ! "
The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel had been invented but was used only by criminal organizations who sent those they want killed in the past where a professional killer , a looper , was waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
By letting his older self go Joe changes his past , and therefore his future , leading to a series of unexpected events , and to an even more unexpected ending !
My expectations were not very high , but I have to say the movie was surprisingly good , in fact it was not boring at all , and had a few big twists which took me completely by surprise .
Time travelling is only a means to the development of the story , and the future society is quite similar to the present one , so even if you are not big science fiction fans , I suggest you give this movie a chance , I am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
In the morning we 're not used to eating salty food like salami , eggs or cheese .
My first night here I was invited to a dinner mainly for scientists who are up here doing a radio show .
He does n't think about things that I , a mere mortal does , like whether or not there is food on my teeth , and death .
To me he is greater than any rock star squared .
I am an English teacher here in my country , Spain , and I have worked with children aged 5 - 14 for five years now in different educational centres .
I am also a Spanish Red Cross camp leader , as I fancy all kinds of sports such as swimming , sailing , kayaking , rock climbing , etc .
I would be suitable for the job advertised because I am extrovert , easygoing , hardworking , thoughtful , and love children and practising outdoor activities such as camping , fishing and cooking , I also enjoy teaching children new skills and helping them to develop their self - confidence .
I would welcome the chance of being part of your company 's team since it is a world renowned firm and I am available to travel and change of residence .
Going to the UK has been a dream of mine but going to Cornwall , however , might be a little of an escapade during the winter , considering that I 'm only used to the relatively hot Egyptian weather .
There is a place , in my country , which played a very important role during World Ward II .
Last month a monument was erected in their memory so that nobody forgets what happened in that large forest where - as the people would say in that time - German soldiers can not guard all wood , unless they stood behind each spruce ....
Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with low socioeconomic status or for everyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
Cars are a good way of saving time especially when waiting for public transport , mainly , buses .
I also think that there would be fewer people using public transport in the future but some will still be available because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a car or travelling by plane .
After the assessment and evaluation we will be able to adjust the necessary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to which point the proposed aims have been achieved and we will be able to judge the programme planning as a whole .
We have just started worrying about that but the actions in course are far from enough .
But in the near future most of us will have to deal with it and therefore be forced to make dramatic changes in our lives in order to survive .
It 's really good that you 're coming to Uruguay , I would be pleased to help you .
First of all , there are a lot of places to visit here and I would like to take you to , Punta del Este , Piriapolis , Cabo Polonio , La paloma and other beautiful places .
You have a lot of hotels to stay if you want to be more than a day and the people is really nice , or if you want you can stay at my house of course .
Secondly , You can find a job here in Montevideo or if you like in the countryside .
You could work in a public office for example .
For people who come from other countries like you , there are a lot of internships and I can assure you that you will find a great job , there are also companies that are hiring people to work for a short period of time in their call centers .
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay , You will meet some of the most popular places of this beautiful conuntry .
The pupils have been taught English since their very first meeting with the English language in school so they are completely familiar in using English as classroom language .
In this class there are strong wishes about certain areas regarding America that the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn about American High School Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in America , 4 pupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil would like to learn about American Motor Industry .
Taking the importance of learner autonomy and the importance of the pupils'motivation into consideration we have decided that they can follow their interests in this course .
For those interested in top fashion brands I would recommend visiting the shops in the main street .
For those who are looking for cheap , but practical clothes I will recommend to go to one of the shopping malls of the capital .
Mass market clothes , bags , cosmetics , children toys are represented there .
The main shopping mall of the city is under reconstruction at the moment , but in one year it will be open for visitors and will surprise them with high tech design and exclusive brands .
And if you try to find a good product for a reasonable price visit the city 's outlet - collections of the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
AIESEC has 64 years of experience in developing high - potential youth into globally minded responsible leaders .
To conclude , giving information about support that they can receive from the government , and skills is very helpful way to solve homelessness in Japan .
On the other hand deforestation is , as said , another part of global warming due to less carbon dioxide storing trees .
To sum up both issues have enormous impacts on our world .
In both animals and people are affected .
But in my opinion , you can stop global warming by stopping deforestation first .
However , experience is extremely important , I disagree that the academics are not important .
When employees face any problems or difficulties in work , it must be referred to the theory that explain this phenomenon , without knowing this theory employees ca n't overcome these difficulties , for instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
Then employees are able to suggest the best solution , this approach is developed in formal education .
It depends on where and what kind of place you want to reach and it depends on the time of the day
First what are the advantages of using the bus , or train ?
In that case the choice for public transport will be preferable .
Most of these buses will make many stops which makes it even more time consuming .
In the end of the day you should choose public transport or car according to the purpose of your trip .
However , in its present form , the tribal Jirga especially in Sindh province has generated heated debate about its legal position as well as conflict of its rules and codes with the constitution of Pakistan , law of the land or formal justice system as well as international human rights standards and conventions .
So I think that the government must do something in this respect .
As part of the same planet , protecting the global environment is not only the task of the government but also the task of each of us .
I am in my final year of high school which I will leave with a university entrance qualification in July of this year .
I hope you will invite me for a job interview , via Skype or in in person and look forward to hearing from you soon .
Suddenly , it got so dark , that I could not see a thing .
I started shouting as my parents were out of sight , but nobody answered .
After a while I started shaking - I was alone in a forest !
I did not have to wait so long , though - after a while I saw our car 's lights glowing in the darkness .
Next time I will be going on such a trip I need to make sure that I have a fully charged mobile with me .
During the studies , I went abroad to the University of Paris where I studied political sciences and international management .
After my studies I did a master in cultural sciences at the University of Maastricht .
In this way I have to some extent developed strategic thinking on individual client needs .
I am an Italian 24- year - old girl , I studied English during high school and for this reason I travelled in different countries in order to improve the language .
In those places I had the opportunity to communicate with other people from all over the world .
I studied in London for 1 month some years ago and I visited different places such as Brighton or Liverpool where I attended some short summer courses .
For these reasons I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of jobs , I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and see things in a very simple and natural way .
Cooking is one of the things I like the most and I am not frightened of hardworking since I believe that if you want to improve you have to apply a lot .
I hope you will consider my request , this would actually be a wonderful experience for me .
Suddenly Spencer came to the barn , again and told her friends that she had n't seen Allison , instead she thought she 'd heard her scream .
In the show , the friends try to find out who " A " is a show Allison was murdered while " A " turns their lives into hell .
On the other hand , lack of privacy is a major disadvantage in a famous person 's life as their personal life 's boundaries are constantly trespassed by paparazzi and journalists .
In conclusion , fame may be nice but it 's not an easy path to walk on .
You have money but you do not feel safe , you have friends but you can never be sure if they like you or your money .
In this way I 'd had the chance to know different people from all over the world and at the same time I 'd earn some money to visit the city and the castles of England , where many historical battles were fought .
I was wondering if you do n't mind asking around if a school is looking for a part - time teacher .
After leaving London I 'd love to do two months of volunteering at a children hospital in York .
Thank you for your advice , kisses !
It had been a hot , summer day .
Suddenly , a deafening noise coming from the dining room stopped the party but nobody knew what happened .
Almost immediately the house was empty , and music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase valued in £ 2000 was broken down .
Michael decided to blame the dog for the unfortunate incident and when he told his father what had happened automatically he put the dog up for adoption as it was n't the first time , despite of Michael 's attempts to avoid him doing it .
Once they had arrived to the shelter the family started to say goodbye to the dog crying out loud .
