It has a high - density population because of its small territory .
I have my own plan too , but I do n't want to be the same as them . I want to become a journalist .
Next , I will have a chance to attend big parties or events and I can make friends with famous people . It 's interesting !
To be a journalist , I must study very hard , so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream come true .
Before , it was really convenient to go by bus or by train , but with the new economy , the fares are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go long - distance than short journeys .
I remember to go from my town , Palermo , to Milan was about 340 pounds . Now , if we are lucky , we can get to New York .
In England , where I live , in Bedford , we use the train a lot to go to the most important towns in the UK , but the trains are very expensive . Me and my family are careful to go off peak because the prices are too high .
I love this sport . I look forward to the weekend to go out with my bike and my group of friends .
The movie is about Lucy 's family , who move into a farmhouse that is mysterious and
The story actually takes place in a camp and a farmhouse , mysteriously
Luckily , the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
I miss my big house , but I do n't miss the guns .
In the following decades , revolution and civil wars smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
At that time , I did not know anybody , just one person .
But when I was there , I began to make new friends that I never thought I would have , and I never imagined the way that I was going to know them either . At the beginning , I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
We stayed in Zacatecas for a week . We really had a good time .
We were very happy there . We really liked Taxco .
Actually , I had already been there before , but not with my friends .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there . That was an incredible experience that I will never forget .
In biathlon , sportsmen need to run some races which are very different ; some of them are long , some are short .
Sometimes the weather conditions are not comfortable for guys . For example : wind , light fog or freezing temperatures . All of these are very difficult conditions .
And also most of them are very attractive . A big advantage for girls , who like nice pictures .
Using public transport can be difficult , because we have a strict time and , normally , we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely uncomfortable .
Sometimes the staff go on strike and we customers do not know in time . As a result , we can not get to work on time . That is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the car is that petrol is very expensive , but public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantage is not so good , actually .
For me , the car is the best . And you ?
Well , whatever your choice is , it must be perfect for your daily life !
Whatever you use , have a nice trip !
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema enthusiast , and they are right . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film , especially when it is a thriller , rather than doing sport ,
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and , in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone , because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job because the viewers were waiting with bated breath to find out what the ending of this film would be .
However , the soundtrack was awful ; it did n't get having a scared .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thriller , which must be seen if you want to have a good time , given that it achieves keeping you in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve , because my country is so poor and , besides , it is considered one of the Third World countries . And another thing that must be taken into consideration is that the politicians are horrible . They have destroyed my country .
When we ask ourselves how we can take care of the environment ,
But we should n't forget the pollution cause by cars . We should use a bicycle or public transportation more .
Also , in the same way , we should walk to our destination .
If we are working with someone in the same job who lives near us or is our neighbour , we can go to work in the same car . This way we use less petrol .
They should have healthy habits and , by their example , they can improve the habits of the population .
I love sports but I do not get many opportunities to play a sport . I was born in a village in India . My parents are farmers like most other villagers .
We bought a television in 1888 . After that , I became a fan of cricket .
Sachin and Ganguly were my favorite cricketers . I love their batting .
That was a special family ; it was so big . His father has 6 brothers , so he has 17 cousins and his little sister .
In total , there were 32 people , a white kitten and a dog .
About 10 minutes later , they were starting to get bored , when they heard a girl calling them to board the plane .
When the big family got off the plane , they realized that they were wearing too many clothes ; it was boiling ! !
Then they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm ,
Some minutes later , they designated how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Of course , in summer , I like to exercise more than in winter , but this does n't stop me .
For those people who want to start to do the street workout , I advise you to start with basic exercises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
After some time , when you feel that you are ready for more , you can start to do more difficult exercises .
Moreover , she fired her without her mobile or money .
When he came , his mother asked him to up quickly , pretending that she was tired .
Michael believed his mother , although he observed bruises on his wife 's face .
Some historians claim there were 20 other inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version , but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
Everyone was eagerly waiting for the ambulance 's arrival , but it still had not yet reached us . The reason was our college location is quite far from the city . That 's why it was late .
We were waiting patiently . Finally , the ambulance arrived and took him to the hospital immediately .
And as for me , I 've been going in for sport for several years .
If you do n't have exercise for a long time , your body will feel something unusual .
In my city , protecting the environment is so difficult .
Instead of using selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or a sanitary landfill , we have used a dumpfill that is contaminating the soil .
Most organizations know how management accounting practice affects their work . Therefore , they choose good programmes and employees .
I was in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist , but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
At first , I called a travel agent but he said he would n't be able to book me a flight for two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip , and he told me he would book a flight sooner than that good - for - nothing travel agent .
We should clean our area to attract visitors and introduce to many other countries in the world . Let 's protect our lung .
Hi , today I 'm gon na talk about myself .
I have 9 sisters , with me we are 10 girls , and 9 brothers .
My dear Daniel ,
I have just finished my lunch break , and before preparing everything to go to work , I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a little surprise with these fantastic photos . I hope you like them .
This summer several things happened to me . I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best thing was when I went to a wedding , because it was the event that brought me the most memories this summer .
We got there at five o'clock . We had not yet reached many people , so we took the opportunity to give the gift , which was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new one , as the bride loved .
Half an hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We were lucky they had an amazing wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fun activities . He said to the bride and groom that they should each get into an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as they could , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave . It was a long day and a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
Michenstain was a very tiny city . That was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
Monsteration was a very lively monster . He always migrated to the north every Monday .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , he was the opposite . He killed people , destroyed complete cities ; he smashed all the architecture of the city , and did a lot of bad things .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster . In other words , he was undercover in another monster 's body .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I think had no cure . It was called " The Monsteration Infections " .
( In those times , there were diverse monsters , but none of them was like him ; he was the number 1 of the monsters at destroying things . )
I have needed to use English a lot of times during my professional activities . For that reason I took some English lessons many years ago .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
Currently , I 'm working as a teacher at the university and teaching in English is my goal .
I 'm sure I 'll have made many mistakes , but I feel good because I must write and write and write . I need to improve my English level . I must not feel bad if I want to finally learn English very well .
If you want to start working out , you should be ready for a big load on your muscles .
In the afternoon , I went to my dance classes .
On the weekend I stayed at home . I started reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing . I laughed a lot because of the things that the characters said .
The next day , I went with my friends to see a movie .
Later in the week , I spent the day drawing .
This was what I did in my vacation . I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacation .
As per today 's topic , " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that . Please be patient , as my English is not as good as you readers think .
So , let 's start .
Most of the Metro cities are nowadays attract city - dwellers towards the Metro , not only because of the fare , but because of the time that it saves .
The Metro is even good for the health of the people as there is no pollution because it runs on electricity and it also connects most of the city . As Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
Other than that , public transport is also not good for natural resources , which is not good for the future of the country .
I am an English student and I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed the FCE , which is a well recognised certificate .
In 2010 , I graduated in electronic engineering .
From June to September of 2013 , I worked for a tourism company . My position involved looking after groups of people going to England . This previous experience makes me suitable for the job advertised .
I do sports such as football , basketball and chess , and with these skills , I could help children have fun while teaching them all the benefits of doing sport .
In applying for the job offered , I am willing to work in all different sorts of jobs . I do not mind which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
To sum up , I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
Just a few years ago , we started to use a special road line .
But the problem is , Russian drivers are not used to keeping this line free .
For example , American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train . I mean it comes at an exact time , like a train .
In this faculty , I faced some problems with my English . I began to ask " How can I improve my English ? "
all of the answers were , " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " . I said okay I have to depend on myself . I began to join groups on Facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others . I followed them immediately .
to teach children and adults in my country good English , and I want to avoid traditional education .
I know that is a really amazing dream , but I pray to Allah to give me all the means to achieve my future dream .
Public transport has no future . The crisis in 2008 has reduced oil prices , The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the government give incentives for consumers .
One day in October , Michael , a boy who was studying architecture discovered a box with a message . While he was opening the box , he heard a door open .
At that moment , a big man came into the bedroom .
He spoke with his father and he asked him why he was there , and his father replied that he had the biggest secret about his family .
" In the past , Matilde , your mother , killed your brother , but she had a reason . He was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number . It could be a mistake by the service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure has already been sent to service centers .
In the issued notice , it clearly states that all defective parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
So , please advise all service centers to return defective parts to Slovakia instead of England .
My favourite sport is swimming , because as soon as you start this sport , you feel better .
When I am in water , I feel free and very hastily .
Start and then you can explain to me how you are .
I was born on Friday the 13th ; that 's funny .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun . I like to be out in our sail boat .
I have 1 sister . Her name is Tina . She is annoying .
She 's 9 or 10 years old . I do n't really know .
I like being in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do n't like homework but I do n't forget it . I am good at teasing my little sister and I am proud of it .
I have also got a cat . Her name is Chelsea . My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I am looking forward to Friday when I am going to the cinema with my friends . We 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 Jump Street , Lord of the rings , the tv - show Suits , The Walking Dead and maybe South Park and Family Guy .
I like everything from pop , electronic , hip - hop to calm music .
I watch a few tv - series , but I watch them on the internet , so I am not trying to time the clock to see an episode .
Hi , my name is Elliot and I like TV games and Lego .
I have two parents , like most people .
I do n't know so many parents , but whatever .
I like books too , but I ca n't read so well , so I do n't read very hard books with hundreds of pages .
I like to speak English at school too , but my friends do n't like it when I speak it in school , so I speak Swedish there .
We can get knowledge more easily and we learn more easily , too .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We really have a lot of things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we can make an action to interact with others . So , maybe it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our health .
But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : communication .
It is amazing for you , if you have enough money , to pay for that tour .
Yes , we are solving many problems with our technology for our feeling , our health and our finances , too .
You can join any stock market in the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stocks too , and earn some money .
You take the world in your hands with technology to make your life better and better actually , but it is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
Public transport has improved regional development in the past decade . It 's convenient and necessary for city life .
And , there 's really enough development on our planet . It would be better if we could leave some place empty , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Today , cricket is a very famous game in the world .
In my opinion , cricket is best for you . You could be a good cricketer .
If I am right , continue reading this .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , that is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops including clothes shops , pet shops , food shops , shoe shops , accessory shops , toy shops , present shops and any more types of shops that now I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need . Is n't it incredible ?
But for some of them you have to search very thoroughly because some of the shops are unique and some others are very well hidden , but for that you have specialized transport that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go .
I applied to a music club in our city and I was really excited when they replied and asked me to help , because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage works .
Even there , you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
We appreciate kind and hard - working people .
My name is Agustina López . I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again ) .
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running , and I love fashion very much , like shoes , make - up , bags and clothes .
This summer was the best . I went to Cuchilla Alta with my best friends . Their names are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela and Lucía .
I went to the beach . We loved it .
I think that it is very interesting and I like it .
I learnt lots of things , such as dealing with money and tickets and watched movies for free .
Lots of hugs and kisses . Please write soon
First , as everybody knows , the cost of fuel is increasing more and more . Adding to that the bills that owning a car will bring , it becomes immediately clear that it is cheaper to get around by public transport .
In my town , for example , I have waited for up to forty minutes before I could get a bus .
Secondly , the environment would improve . As far as I can see , the pollution caused by traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is true as far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , the fewer cars there are around , the quicker you can get where you want to go .
In conclusion , I would really like politicians who care about public transport to improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and get around much more easily .
You see , man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefer to travel by tram .
Maybe , in fact , the lands are bigger , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
Some years ago , we did n't use technology to get in touch with friends and family , but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
There will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things , but maybe some bad things too .
There are many physical exercises , like swimming , but name any game except chess that makes our minds sharp .
I like many other games , but the best one is this .
I am not saying that we should always play chess , as physical activities are also important .
In that case , chess would help him . It would make the child 's mind sharp and he would not get distracted by his surroundings .
The local transportation has become difficult and expensive ,
I thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above all , and regardless of the sport you have chosen , it is paramount to do some sport , whatever sport you choose , such as spinning . That is my favourite sport .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythm of the music louder and louder . This gives me high energy each time I go spinning .
If you want to start doing some sport , first of all , think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you have a good time , go ahead and make the most of your time enjoying the sport . Nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
The more sport you do , the better you feel . Indeed , your mood will not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
If we take a look at the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities , almost all people go to work by public transport .
First , the bank notes are considered how to design , including background colour , artwork and security issues .
Secondly , if you use a car , you do n't have to wait a long time to catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive late for work in this situation .
I believe that using your car has a lot of advantages or benefits . It is more comfortable and less expensive .
From Monday to Friday , I do it at home . At weekends I attend yoga classes .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years . Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking . Man has been able to invent machines which have been put to work . Automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people from hard work .
The disadvantage , however , is that , because of the machines , many people have lost their jobs .
I read your letter . I would like to know some details about what places you want to visit .
I advise you to visit Queretaro . It has had an excellent service for foreign people since five years ago .
Nowadays , people are constantly on the move .
In recent years , the numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .
Also , it has to be said that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , using public transport wo n't be necessary .
Transport is important , but a car is more reliable for families if they travel together without waiting for transport .
I live in a city named Tangerang . It is in Indonesia .
This has caused our river some big problems , such as disease , unpleasant smells , floods , etc .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizens to be more responsible for what they do . And I think that 's enough from me .
I suppose the government have also studied this situation .
I hope the Indonesian government take action regarding this situation because , if it continues , then Indonesia will be the most unclean country over the other countries .
After the class , Alison joined her friends .
She read the letter with a lot of passion , because it was obvious that Juan was interested in Alison too .
Like with other things , prices increase , from food to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , electricity . Then people choose public transport in the future .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy and improves problems with the back , so going swimming is really beneficial for me .
For example , transport .
Every day people think about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food . Why ?
What happened to us ?
I remember that my childhood was very quiet and happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Really , I tell you that I was , like , a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portions : soup and meal deal .
So we can start from the beginning : first , was breakfast , which included some cereals with hot milk .
Today , I wake up at 07.00am and grab some kind of bread with jam , drink a coffee , but more often than not , just have time for half a mug and run to work .
During the day , I have lunch , which is from a can or order some junk food .
When the weekend comes , I have a plan for a special dinner which is home made , but do n't have time again .
She stood there and read the note again . The address was near to Big Ben .
She turned her head and saw him . " He was following me " , she thought . " Well , I should ask him what he is doing here " .
" What are you doing here " asked Alison . He looked at her but with a bad smile , and turn his head .
From this moment , they will have maturity and responsibility .
However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel ; they start to work .
The job provides , like the trip , responsibility and experience .
Finally , to make a decision to not go to a university when you finish high school is n't the easiest action to take .
If in a city people use public transport more than their own private vehicle , then it will help to protect the environment and ease traffic as well .
A car is being made that is so eco - friendly and user - friendly that it is more
Many people say that , at school , all students have to start a sport and do it regularly .
As an example , if a student needs to recuperate a subject or has to get a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
In contrast , doing a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility , but the most important thing is that we are always active so our body can get good results .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
will be available again ?
I do everything , but nothing .
In my opinion , watching TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
There is one argument that says that the TV promotes us .
The main reason for this is that TV teaches us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
A good example of this is the large amount of informative news which we are allowed to get .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us , while others believe that it can also educate .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun , he or she can just choose the right Channel or movie , such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
Meanwhile , if an individual wants to learn from TV ,
TV provides lots of cognitive programs , like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat well .
Nothing is permanent in this world . I 've heard these words from the mouths of my parents and now it is in my heart and helps me to deal with this kind of life .
Everybody has the right one for a change , but it should be for the better and not for the worse .
The people already do not buy a CD , they simply download it .
It is a shame that a person works for many months people want to enjoy his work without having to pay ; it is literally stealing .
Singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy . Now most of their income is from concerts and digital platforms like Spotify .
Today , many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture . For example , marriage or the age for marriage , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new types of family and many values .
The culture is changing in this way . Maybe it could be wonderful for human freedom .
The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of the week .
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days .
In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can control it to make our life better , especially in relation to food , which is the most important aspect of our life but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
The truth of the matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
However , I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John , decided to take a vacation in Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
There were Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and , the most exciting thing was buying chocolates .
They said they had already planned everything and Michael had happily ruined the vacation .
Michael could n't stand anymore . He scolded his friends and said something that no one would want to hear .
She said money can cause everyone pain if it is not settled very well .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
she was absolutely fine .
I am not different in that . There is a backstairs influence in my life . He is none other than my father .
He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly an old man entered the conversation and gave a foolish speech .
Nevertheless , my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
Everyone makes mistakes . No one can say I have not made any mistakes in my life .
But is that a big problem in our lives or a small problem , or does it really not matter ?
However , travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car , but you can never know what might happen with your car , where it might get stuck in traffic or some other accident might happen .
And , also , we have to understand that using public transport is cheaper than using a car .
We can play music or talk about anything while we travel in a car .
So , If we have our own car , it is much easier than using public transport .
Write to me when you have fixed your itinerary , and looking forward to seeing you in Hong Kong .
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will bring us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car . Yes , the car we have been using all our lives .
But this time , it will be another story , because in order to save time and money , we are going to use our own cars .
Let me explain my reasons . When you drive your car , you can take it from your garage or outside the main door of your house and it gets you to wherever you want . But on the other hand , if you take public transport , it will be much more inconvenient because you have to catch the bus at a bus stop ... Where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you have to take the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time . On the other hand , it is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have any coins to pay the bus driver ? Here comes the problem .
Obviously , you are late for work , even if you have an appointment to have an interview for a job .
She read a note from her boyfriend , Tom .
When she arrives at a shopping centre , Tom is already waiting .
Then , Symba saves Pumba from a lion and this lion is Nala , who is an old friend of Symba .
My name is Shousheng and I live in Montreal , Canada .
Although Canada is an English - speaking country , in Montreal , the official language is French .
So I do not have the opportunity to practise English , because most of my colleagues speak French .
They speak French in meetings , in the gearm , and in the shopping . centres
When I have free time , I usually run , because I feel really relaxed after that .
I was inspired by a true legend . His name is Edan Hazard .
That is all I can say . I love football very much .
Yes , we can say that the car is much more convenient . But not every person can afford a car .
That 's the first fact ,
From Red Square , you can easily see the Moscow Kremlin , St. Basil 's Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Department Store .
If you are dying of hunger , you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at restaurant # 57 , which is on the third floor of Gum .
There are lots of facilities , such as sports centre , a ping pong club , a hire centre etc .
I 'm only fifteen years old , but I think I have a heavy past .
We did n't have a lot of money , but I went to a private elementary school .
I had a lot of friends ; too many friends .
I remember two contrasting moments . One day , we had to create a team to do an exercise which used the brain ; they chose me .
Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then everything changed .
In an English - speaking country , every day you learn to live .
It is difficult to go to an unknown place with different people , but it is a good experience to learn .
But this is not so . Therefore , we must study English .
Sometimes , I feel tired of walking , especially on sunny days with high temperatures , but that ca n't make me stop doing this sport .
I want to give advice to people who love this type of sport : please do not give it up , and do it as often as you can , because it 's a beneficial sport .
I graduated from the faculty of law " English division " two years ago with a very good grade .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had made at my university to have a good job in my specialization , as a lawyer .
But in Egypt no one gets what he deserves . You have to pay a lot of money to have a job or know someone who can use his authority to appoint you .
So , I wanted to get a job in another state , like Dubai . I heard jobs there are very good and the salaries . I have submitted my CV for various jobs ,
Your qualifications are not satisfactory . You must be UK Or USA educated .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks for my education , but do I not have the ability to work in real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
I do not think it 's easy to do research in India .
Even if I want to focus on my work , they create one or the other issue to distract me .
The reasons for stress are more diverse ; perhaps because we have an exam period , family problems or because we think in a negative way , or we have destroyed ourselves through long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfort , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves , because it 's very harmful . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that have happened to you , talk with someone who you trust , get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best friends , and there are a lot of things you can do ...
Remember that stress is not a lasting thing , and you can avoid it .
In my opinion , the main course needs improvement .
Secondly , there is not a lot of variety in the desserts , mainly fruits and puddings .
There are not many healthy drinks . There are not many hot drinks either .
Some people in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan etc . and they do not have a lot of varieties of food to choose , from like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
You should also reduce fast food , which makes people obese and is not healthy .
It would be better if you offered drinks according to the weather , so , when it 's winter , we would like a hot drink and , if it is summer , we would like a chilled drink .
The first time was in London for 6 months , and most recently , in Berlin for 8 months .
I actually liked it quite a lot . I just loved all the suspense and the parts where they leave you hanging . It 's just really interesting . The movie is about the American government , who annually give 12 hours when all crimes , even murder , are legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join in . You can kill whoever you want .
At the beginning , bank notes should be well - designed , considering the colour matching and artwork , including issues relating to security .
Then it comes to the printing step .
Many people believe that nowadays there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the thought that they do help , for example , with travelling long distances .
Firstly , there are plenty of people who ca n't buy a car , and so , the only option they have is to travel by these modes of transport .
The ticket does n't cost too much and it is affordable for the majority of people , at least compared to buying a car .
But , by observing all these people , you can enrich yourself with the different cultures and manners the others have and incorporate new topics .
To conclude , we can establish a middle point .
That week I felt happy and relaxed , but I was a little bit sad when we returned to Italy .
Nowadays , many people have their own transport . For example , they have cars .
Without transport , people can not go to work or do anything else .
Public transport is the best way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
No need to pay the full amount , because they have many people who board the bus .
For example , we have to walk to go to a place , whereas a car can park in the place where we want to go .
It helps us in many different ways . If we have a problem , we can take a bus and go there .
All villages have a bus stop where the bus stops to pick up or drop off passengers .
Without it , many people would have a lot of difficulty going somewhere or returning home .
However , there are some disadvantages with public transport . They cause many traffic jams . This is because the buses are large and difficult to control .
The bus will not drop off the passengers where they want to go , because they have to drop them off at the bus stop .
Day by day , the country is developing more and more . Nowadays , we have trains .
Dear Kuba
And for this reason , I honestly think it will be the only means of transport in the future .
However , there is also an endless of leisure activities , such as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks .
D. Perhaps bilingual school creation might be a good idea for Colombian education improvement , but it would be appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .
It depends on five main steps , which include design , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and destruction or disposal depending on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
Nevertheless , in my opinion , the most precious of the revolution is the modern security measure through such a muti - developed society .
To begin with is design , we have to consider background colour , artwork , and security issues , and then we are supposed to prepare metal plates , using skilled machinists .
So , the ugly truth is , my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards rectifying this .
In the right - hand corner , there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to allowed to sell knives .
It is a fact that , on the one hand , you have the opportunity to buy dangerous weapons nowadays , but on the other hand , we are unable to manage this situation correctly .
Max and his family had been on their holidays for two weeks now . This year they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .
Unfortunately , Max was not as excited as his family ; he had never really been into animals .
Today , for some reason , he had this feeling that something interesting was going to happend .
He walked and walked , thinking about what could it be , until , after a long time walking , he realised he did not know where he was .
Suddenly , he heard something . Was it an animal ? , he thought .
And then he realised it was an enormous lion .
Max froze . He did not know what to do .
Max , for some reason , stroked him and the lion smiled .
But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum . " Max where are you ? " she screamed . The lion disappeared in one second , running .
So Max walked up to her , and said " Here mom , do n't worry . Let 's go into the hotel . "
Max spent the rest of the day thinking about that lion until he went into his room . " What an amazing day ! " ,
Dear teacher ,
I have no problems with reading , speaking or listening .
For example , new computers are smaller in size than the old computers , they are also faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files and other stuff like apps .
For example , in our school there is the possibility to collect paper and plastic in different boxes .
In the last year , some politicians have decided to put our city in order . So , for example , they put again to place the roads .
For example , when a man or a woman has finished smoking , he / she throws the earth cigarette instead of in the right box .
I think it is important that , not only in the family , but also in school , we could raise a new generation sensitive to the ecological problems of the earth .
In this way , we would have the possibility to change .
When I was a child , I used to play football with my friends .
This sport was very happier for me , but one day I broke my leg and then I never played football again .
Although I go jogging , I also do another sport , swimming .
On the one hand , this sport is good for my health . I keep fit .
On the other hand , I have met a lot of people , and they are very friendly .
And finally , I will only tell you that you should do some sport . It is good for us .
The man was professional and gave him useful pieces of advice .
Off the top of his head , he asked his nephew to go fishing with him .
I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did when I was small . I like high speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
These problems are topical in our city , Kyiv , too .
Nowadays , our local government is making some decisions to improve the situation .
These days , transportation has become so crowded . We have a lot of cars in the streets .
if everybody knew that there is a punishment for what they do and nobody can escape from what he did , I guess we would have fewer traffic accidents .
The bank notes are designed carefully . Workers need to design their background colour and artwork .
Then , the notes will be prepared on metal plates . After that , printing . The notes will be printed in colour on both sides with special ink and they will have slightly raised images .
In Cádiz , in summer , there are a lot of opportunities to work .
Also , you are a great athlete , so you could teach surfing , football or other sports .
On the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so you could find a job as a waiter .
I ordered 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 , but I still do n't have my order in my hand .
If by 17 March my order has not come yet , I will cancel my order and I want a 100% refund of my money .
I really want to go to a big school in a town , because here in the countryside , I can not go out with my friends or go shopping with them .
You can go to the shopping mall , to the halfpipes , to the skate parks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends , but in the countryside you ca n't .
But you should go to the school that you want . That is just my advice , OK ?
In this way , you can , maybe , read aloud .
If I were a student that usually studies in a library , I would definitely try studying on a computer .
In this way , I would n't waste a lot of time .
If somebody says that there is no future for public transport , I mind immediately . Today there are too many vehicles on our streets .
Also , the humans wo n't be able to go into the street all day , only for a few hours , because of the hot climate .
According to the reality , a lot of young people are n't very communicated in their life .
For example , in your childhood you are much happier than your parents because their job is not very easy .
Firstly , young people usually calm down through music , for example classical music .
For instance , they prefer pop or rock music .
Through listening to music , you can express your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
Usually , they watch crime series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
Through style , we can express our emotions and feelings .
Hi , my name is Adrian . I am 17 years old and I am a footballer . I was born to be a footballer .
I was even better than the older children . Everyone told me to go to a team ,
but I did n't have to do anything . A team took on me when I was 11 years old .
I played so well that everyone congratulated me . But that 's not all . One of the best teams in the world wanted to take me on .
I was very happy and , of course , I agreed .
Already , in only 20 years , a lot of things have changed because of the technology .
And I think that it 's not technology that will change , but the people and their characters .
Unfortunately , for this generation , there wo n't be real relationships , all relationships will become virtual relationships .
It will be a good thing that we can spend our time on a good thing .
In some people 's lives , the most important thing is to wear fashionable clothes .
On the other hand , the personality is more important and determinative than an expensive dress . It is a fact .
It is inevitably true that excessive use of public transport leads to higher levels of pollution .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day . In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training session with a Spanish selection coach . When I finished I went with my parents to a hotel to eat and spend time with some friends . After the food . we met up with friends of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode on a roller coaster , it was very exciting , and we ate a chocolate ice cream . It was delicious . In the evening , we went to a Spanish basketball league game , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid , and that match beat the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
When I find myself in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in the City of Westminster and I 'll visit your art gallery and tourist attractions of the British monarchy .
Continuing my visit to London , I will visit the largest park in London , Hyde Park , which has a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the preservation of the park .
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to get to Big Ben , which is the most beautiful building in all its splendour , where I will take pictures .
Later , I 'll take the London Underground , which is a public fast transit system . I 'll travel on it .
When I leave the underground at Wembley Park station , I will go to Wembley Stadium , where I will enjoy an evening of football . The match starts at 8:00pm .
My favorite band is " cbjr " ; it 's a Brazilian band . The type of music is rock and rap . Their music is very easy to single .
Education plays a crucial role in society and its future and by improving the standard of the education system , students can learn more effectively throughout their entire educational life and their career , but also their skills will be improved by this process .
Hopefully , they will not only earn more money in their entire life , but also , society will have a more developed shape in any other developed countries .
How are you ? Hope everything 's fine .
Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spain . All my friends and I are having a party and it would be fantastic if you were able to come .
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future . Public transport causes many problems in our environment , such as difficulty getting to the nearest destination , pollution , and disease .
Hence , this will help people to be in a good health .
We won 1st place and got the cup . If anyone intends to play this game , he should practise hard to be able to play it professionally .
Further to the trade fair last week , where I had the pleasure of meeting you and we were talking about your courses ,
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father taught me what football was , and I loved it , but , I really liked the goalkeepers . Why have I liked football since my childhood ?
Football is a sport where anything can happen . the best teams do n't always win and it is unpredictable . There is n't a dream team .
And if you do n't like doing sport , you can watch the matches of the teams around the world .
But with this gadget , we have a big problem : people are becoming isolated ; we are living in our own world .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like call someone , text , take photos , listen to music , watch movies , play games , be woken up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unimaginable things we can do .
But now , children want to have one as soon as possible . They do n't play hide and seek and do sports like before .
And people are becoming isolated . Once I saw a mother using her mobile instead of taking care of her baby !
The pie charts illustrate the amount of household earnings allocation within regular families in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 ) .
Regarding the pie charts , there was a significant increase in the amount of earnings allocated to housing and food / clothes , from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 , respectively .
Furthermore , there was a slight decrease in vacations / leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010 .
Learn how to walk before learning how to run . The opponents contend that children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
Confronting challenges . Primary students struggle with the difference between first language and the one they are learning .
Primary school is the best time for learning . Children gain knowledge more easily and faster .
Rather than being concerned about the challenges , children would deal with them . It is particularly advantageous for them to grasp foreign languages during elementary school .
Given that those children would have better development in the future , as well as more free time .
It is a story of a boy who always found the way to tease his sister Sukh .
One day he had a fight with his sister . He even made her cry . Both of them stopped talking to each other and , after some days , the boy needed his sister Sukh 's laptop .
Sukh was so angry with him because he hurt her a lot . Sukh refused to give him her laptop and her brother started fighting with her again and he even slapped his sister .
In my opinion , people 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , because the world is changing all the time , and we have a lot of technology and things to do .
Then she started talking : " Welcome , pretty boy , I have been waiting for you . Please sit down " .
As you well know , Rose 's life is in your hands " she said , and kept talking : " ... You are the only one that can save her life , but before , that you must keep your promise " . " I know " , he replied with a sad tone .
I do not care he thought . Maybe I lost my soul , but now she is alive .
On my last vacation , I went to France , to Paris , with my classmate Sebastian for 2 weeks .
Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes , which we could not find ,
By accident , we ran into a good fairy who , when she was young learned all the languages in the world and thus led us to our stadium .
We made friends with this fairy . After an entire day walking with her , it felt like we had known each other a lifetime .
My mum says that I do n't eat fruits and vegetables , so I will eat more fruits and vegetables .
One day , I will be like him .
We will meet soon , man .
An hour later , we went to the London Eye .
One of my favorite books is The Power of Your Subconscious mind .
Letter written to report on the awful environmental situation in my city !
First of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishments for littering ! Also , the government should increase the number of rubbish bins and facility staff members .
In the supermarket , you can find a container for batteries .
Not only the supermarket has these containers . They are also in the schools of the neighbourhood .
In my opinion , this gives a good example of the involvement of the local government .
It is not easy to adapt to a new learning environment ; the language is the biggest difficulty .
As family and friends do not accompany them , students must do a lot , from basic living to future studies .
It is hard to live overseas alone . Therefore , making friends from the same country means that they can help one another .
I was born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm . When I was four , I moved to Danderyd .
I have a big brother . He 's 14 and goes on Friberga as well . His name is Ulric and he 's in 8f2 .
My favorite activity is football . It 's great fun to play it with all my friends . I also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .
I also like to play video games . I play with my friends . My favourite games are FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some others .
I have lived in stockholm and in two houses in Danderyd , but no other places .
I do n't know which is the best place I have been to but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most . It is an island next to Gotland and I have been going there since I was 0 years .
We always go to the beach , which is very nice , and when it 's sunny and warm it is better than the Mediterranean .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of , but when I score a nice goal , I am proud because it feels good , especially when it 's an important goal that maybe will change the game .
I would like to be the best football player in the world , a Youtuber , or take over a big company .
It is often hard to get up in the morning . I always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .
That I danced for two years , but I stopped because I did n't have time .
I do n't have a favourite movie . I like many but the movies I like the most are comedies and action adventure .
I like a lot of songs , but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again by J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing too .
I do n't only like soft music , I also like pop music and house music .
I like to watch South Park . It 's really funny and I have almost seen all 17 seasons . I also like to watch YouTube videos every day .
I like a lot of food , but the most meat food is good and pizza .
The aim of this report is to describe and assess shops which could be interesting for tourists .
The one which is really worth seeing is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
Also , joining a team would be a great idea .
The environment is an important part of our life , contributing in a positive way to our part of life without even concern about important parts for us to survive .
Without forests , there ca n't be animals , and the human race will disappear .
I notice that , in supermarkets , they use so much plastic just to cover a small thing or use a lot of plastic bags without even thinking about how harmful this is to the environment .
I lived for a short time in a place where the word " recycle " was completely unknown , but they used to do it because they were n't so rich .
Where I live now , I have noticed that we have the opportunity to recycle waste because it is a posh area .
In my opinion , the government should take care of all areas , whether an area is rich or poor .
Some people from the area where I live usually feed the birds , but others do n't even care .
To keep all of nature alive , we must contribute everyone of us for future generations .
You do n't have to wait for your car , but you must wait for public transport .
Kike is my best friend . I met him when we were studying in primary school , when we were six or seven years old .
Moving on to the physical description , I want to say that Kike is a really tall man ; his height is 1.95 meters .
He has a strong voice that , with his appearance , makes him look impressive .
So , he is hard - working . He is a lawyer and always helps me with all my professional problems .
I want to turn to his hobbies . When he is n't working , he is riding a bike ,
every evening , he takes the bike and rides along some paths for more than forty kilometers per day , so he is a very good cyclist and it 's quite hard to cycle with him .
To conclude , I want to say that I 'm the godfather of his eldest son .
My wife is a very special person to me . I like her very much .
I met her at university 20 years ago . She is 4 years younger than me .
In addition to that , she has a pretty face , dark skin , dark eyes and long brown hair .
She is very kind , sensitive and quiet . She also has an attractive personality and a big heart , but she is very nervous .
She makes great food for us . I like to cook with her and eat from her hand .
They like to take pattern modeled on older people who are popular on the Internet .
At this age , people like being better than their friends and they like to distinguish themselves .
I usually work in the kitchens , so it does not bother me .
Therefore , I think that I am a suitable person for the job .
Last night , I went to a restaurant with my family .
My family ordered dinner , but l specially ordered pizza and Coke because l love pizza .
l loved that day spent with my family .
However , a few years ago , the government has paid more attention to the environment of our country . For example , they did a lot of advertising on television , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that rubbish is not good for our world .
In the future , we must make an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or , if it is possible , a better world than before to our children .
Cars are much more convenient , but this does not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .
Sometimes , many people want to travel far away over long distances , so they need planes .
Many people like to travel by bike in order to decrease the pollution which is caused by car exhaust . From my point of view , I prefer travelling by car , which is more comfortable .
Public transportation is the main way to deliver people everywhere in a short time . In the past , they had to use camels to travel , which wasted a lot of time and caused tiredness .
If we use public transport services ,
Everybody thinks public transport is not comfortable for us , but environmentally , public transport is good for decreasing pollution and our energy sources are also decreasing .
In my opinion , it 's one of the most fascinating places in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
This restaurant will be an amazing place to the call meet there because , like I said before , the atmosphere and food are amazing .
On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses , which emit CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to serious air pollution .
I started this sport when I was 11 years old . My dad let me go boxing and I started that sport .
I think is a better idea that people use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles .
Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to reduce congestion and air pollution by encouraging people to use private cars less and turn to using more public transportation and other forms for transportation .
It was a cold night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on telly , called " Dare to Win " . I was with my brother when we decided to call . The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answered in time , and there are different things for the winner .
A few minutes later , we were listening to ourselves on the programme . We were so nervous , but it was exciting for us . Our goal on the programme was to get a free ticket to the most popular electronic party in the world .
Despite our nerves , we did well and our dream came true . Yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
As the secretary of the English Language club , I am writing this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students and the college if we received funding from you .
I am writing to apply for the job in the USA published in an advertisement last Monday .
Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities , private cars are more attractive for most people .
Actually , I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including an Apple store .
However , from now on , we can buy what we really need . On the other hand , this shopping centre may help a lot of people get back to working again .
A few weeks ago I went into the Apple store , and I bought a new mobile phone . It is awesome because it has reliable tools which allow me to do my daily work .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
In conclusion , for me , it is a lie that public transport has no future . However , they have to make improvements to this , like the use of better types of fuel or energy . One way is using renewable sources of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hydraulic(water),Also , there are biodiesel and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
Dear Anne , Thank for your letter asking about my family and my friends .
Nowadays , it is possible to find any kind of TV programme you want and , yes , I consider that there is a lot of sport on television , but not too much .
When somebody gets home , he wants only to relax in front of the television .
In this view , I think that though there are lots of sports on television , there are not too many , because people have looke for it .
The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy , which has a huge following in several countries .
The album , with eleven tracks that reached number one , won gold and silver awards for the best - selling in various countries , such as the USA , Canada and the UK .
This American band is known for their lyrics that something different from other bands , something close to an emotional statement .
I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound , because it grabs you , almost like great poetry .
Information via the Internet had beem more quickly each day and it is reaching all parts of the world .
Furthermore , things and processes are evolving .
However , the advancement of technology , besides bringing advantages for everyone , will also cause disadvantages , such as unemployment , because machines will do the same work or work better than humans .
Also , the last summers helped me to be prepared for more things that children demand .
For example , I learned about organization , how to control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
Second , all you have to do is warm up your body , if you do n't warm it up before the race , you might hurt yourself .
Third , all you can do is play for fun with your friends .
Without travelling , people would be very bored , life would be very monotonous .
In the past , it was n't like that . People did not have cars . They just relied on public transport .
We visited many cities , like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we saw a lot of historical Greek monuments .
We stayed in three different hotels and , one day , we also went to the sea in Giardini Naxos .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the Temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruins and they were really beautiful and , also , the view was amazing !
That day , we had a great time and it was sunny and hot . I took a lot of photos and I learned new information about those important buildings .
To be honest , I do n't believe in UFOs .
In addition , more and more scientists agree that aliens really exist .
I am a person that likes going to do exercise . For this reason , I like doing some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport in the world is soccer .
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo . It is in my blood , my soul . Taekwondo is not a violent sport as many people say , but what you have to know is what is in the brain and the heart of players .
One day , my older brother went to a park where we often go to play tennis . He saw a boy who was holding a red hat crying on the branch , not knowing what to do . He stood behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
A few minutes later , some boy who looked older than my old brother approached the poor little boy . The little boy stopped crying , he My brother felt afraid because they looked like rube , but but he still wanted to help the little boy .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes . The little boy cried out loudly . My brother was outraged . He ran at the rube boy and attacked him .
The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes . My brother felt sorry for him . He gave the little boy his smartphone and put on some good music . The little boy stopped crying and started to smiled .
In the evening , the little boy 's mother came to take him home . He told his mother what had happened that day , and his mother smiled at my brother , and took the little boy home . My brother smiled and went home .
It was a sunny day . Like every day , Sara woke up and had breakfast with her children , then she went to her job .
They told her that her brother had had a car accident . First of all , she was shocked ,
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought a ticket to London . When she was on the train , she had another phone call .
They told her that she had to bring $ 100,000 so they could do the surgery on her brother .
in a car accident . When she heard what had happened to her brother , she was so anxious . Then a miracle happened . She found a big suitcase on the train she decided to open the bag because no one was on the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
After that , she went to the hospital
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " , which means the Ball Game . There is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrifice pretty young girls to their gods .
But we live in the present ; we live in the moment and benefit from it to the maximum .
If you ask someone about the future , the answers will be different , but all will be around two main topics , they will be either optimistic the about future or pessimistic about the future .
As far as I am concerned ,
Not because I am a pessimist but due to several factors and conditions . Allow me to explain my opinion .
There is a categorisation of countries ; there are developed countries , emerging ones and countries on the way to development .
In addition , a general view of human innovation shows that the majority of people 's creations have a bad effect . This effect exists even in people 's lives or in themselves .
And unfortunately , this bad impact exists in almost all areas of life .
Chemical drugs can help people to heal and recover from diseases , but they have another hidden effect .
This effect always leaves people suffering later , after use .
To summarize , people 's lives see fast change and development , but generally , this evolution affects people .
We must stop all wars , conflicts , and impose human principles and values .
The service provided by the restaurant is exceptional . For example , the waiting time is very short .
In terms of food quality , the standard is extraordinary . They are well known for their roast meat .
Some people support this " gap year " theory , while others seem to disagree .
I favor the former statement . That is , I think students should have a gap year before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
Although traveling by car is really interesting , using public transport still has its advantages . By using public transport you 're saving effort . When driving a car for a long distance , you will get tired . Some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
Because I really love to work with people of all ages , and I would like to have this post and I 'm an energetic and hardworking person .
There is no future for public transport . That is true , but I think that people are very comfortable and do n't think about the environment .
Secondly , you can drive your car everywhere . It does n't matter what time it is or where you would like to go . Travelling by car is much more convenient and comfortable than travelling by bus , by subway or by train .
Hello ,
My name is Anna . I am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality , so I enjoy planning activities or organising sport events in a special and colorful way .
I really love children and taking care of them . I also have experience of working in summer camps and had a good experience making delicious food because I already did these things in other camps .
Goodbye . Anna .
I chose this invention that I think helped humanity to communicate more easily .
Motorola was the first to do something to a mobile phone . It was on 3 April 1973 and the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper .
Cooper made mobile phone history in April 1973 when he made the first ever call on a handheld mobile phone .
Today was a good day . Not every day is as good as this was .
They usually do n't want to be with me , but today we played all day long .
The weather was also good today . The sun was shining and there were no clouds in the sky .
When we arrived , there were a lot of Matias ' friends in our house listening to loud music , playing games and drinking .
He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologised for his attitude .
According , for a boy or girl , having strong muscles can make them look more attractive .
Peter had been thinking about this secret party for months , since the time he knew his mother was healed .
He had been taking care of her , so he was prevented from going to university .
Let 's talk about one of them , which is ' cleanliness ' . Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading garbage near our houses and offices .
For example , they collect plastic waste in a yellow dustbin , while liquid and solid , degradable waste goes in a red container .
To conclude , I would like to say that , nowadays , people are becoming more aware and environment - conscious through education .
Today , there are many children that have a dependence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various children 's TV programs , while once our parents preferred hanging out with their friends .
Television can be a useful instrument if it is used with caution . Therefore , I recommend using it less to prevent damage to the mind .
In order to help reduce pollution , I take action using the three " Rs " : reduce , reuse and recycle , so I am more and more eco - friendly .
I reduce the use of unnecesary power at home . In other words , I turn on a light that I need while I use it ; I take cooler showers ; I heat only the necessary rooms .
As long as I try to keep doing things in an eco - friendly way , I realize that I am giving a little from my side and I feel I am caring for my environment .
Hello ! ! How are you ! ?
In my opinion , it is a good idea to spend some time travelling , because you will have an opportunity to think about your future , but in my city , because of the crisis , there is very little work for anyone .
Although now that the holidays are coming , they need people to help and ride the amusement park or work the lights of the fair .
If you come to Linares , you could amuse yourself , and if you come forward to work you can do it .
You have to come here because Holy Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectacular and if you want to have fun , I like the bulls .
In my opinion , the car is more advantageous than the car and the car is more useful .
To my mind , this is not right .
First of all , travelling by car is very expensive .
For example , travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plane is faster .
Secondly , it 's not comfortable , because you drive every day instead of relaxing and enjoying the environment .
On the other hand , it helps to reduce the pollution made by cars , ..
In the future , cars will be so cheap that everyone will have one . Thus , it will mean the end of public transport .
Printing is the next step . Usually , sheets of bank notes are printed , because there are some special requirements for the printing ; colour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
The inspection always has three results : the good quality sheets , the bad sheets and the partially damaged sheets .
If the printed sheets are good quality , they will be packed and distributed . Some partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate or packed or dispatched . The bad sheets will be disposed on . The destruction will be secure .
Now I go to the gym and do weight lifting three times a week . Aerobic exercise every day and yoga twice a week !
but when she ca n't go , I go alone .
My coach is very friendly and helps me .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs . There are a lot of channels playing many roles . For instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on . Television is not only for entertainment , but also for education . Television can entertain you through it s entertainment channels , and television can educate you through it s educational channels .
However , I do not agree with this statement , because public transport is needed for people who do not have vehicles or during economic downturns .
They can use the money in a more useful or meaningful way , such as for investment in property .
Public transport is a way to reduce air pollution , because it can carry more than a dozen times the people at a time and reduce the number of people travelling in their own vehicle .
Although public transport is slow , it also does not take a long time for people to reach their destination , because public transport nowadays is faster and enough .
Although most of them might be caught , only a small number of them might be adopted by friendly humans .
In conclusion , large - scale building projects take the living resources from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer , and so on .
If they are your best fiends , they will guide you and help you to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their backs on you .
But on the other hand , you may be punished or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .
From the first time , I said to you that I had a problem with my health , but you answered : it does not matter .
I felt that I could lose consciousness . That 's why I removed the bracelet .
I am 24 years old . I am from Lviv Ukraine .
My father 's name is Zaheer Arat . He is very loving and caring . He gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of . He provides all the facilities to us , for example , the internet and books , so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination . He always encourages us and says do n't be afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else . My brothers and I are proud of my father . He is very hard - working and brave . He has a smiley face . He always tries to make other people laugh with his jokes . He always listens to what we want . He never ever ignores us .
But if you land early in the morning , the most convenient and fast transport is taxi , which does n't cost much to my house .
It is a very quiet place . Because of its location , in the middle of the forest , only a few people know how to get there .
A pretty girl like you is still single ?
In Italy , volleyball is very common , especially in my region .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you could have health problems . For example , you could have problems with your hands , in your neck and in your legs .
Hello , my name is Sophie Nielsen . I was born in 2002 in Sweden and I still live here .
In my spare time , I like to hang out with friends and play soccer .
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born in 2002 and not 2001 , but I was born the on first of October , so there 's not so much difference .
My favorite song is " All about that Bass " by Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy .
My favorite movie is " The fault in our Stars " , because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the story .
They were spending the weekend in the countryside . He had rented a cabin but he had n't checked the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived leaving them without communication by phone or by car .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps . I have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience . I have worked at a school in North Africa as a volunteer and learnt a lot about children . I think that I 'm a suitable person for the job because I am an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , I love working with children and I like organising different types of activities . I 'm not very good at cooking , but I can learn very fast .
It would really be helpful if the government made tighter restrictions . In today 's world , there are lots of construction companies and factories are not admission , they are destroying the forest , farmland and wetland , discharging waste water and emitting greenhouse gas . It leads to a serious environmental problem .
Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work , as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expenses we encounter .
The other benefit of taking public transport is fewer people are taking cars , reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environment .
1- Inflation in the population ; the roads will not be able to bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
3- In the future , people will be more concerned about energy , so transport will be more used .
5- Many people ca n't drive , like children and old people .
Because of all these reasons , I believe transport will have a bright future .
My favorite sports are football , basketball , Formula One and Tennis .
That is one of my favorite sports .
What a big surprise : you are married .
Now I 'm thinking about the present . What do you like ?
I like to play football because it 's a very exciting game . It takes only 90 minutes . Whenever I get the opportunity , I play football .
Driving a car while listening to music is much more fun for most people , so maybe that 's why most people love to drive rather than take public transport .
In contrast , some people hate getting caught in a traffic jam , so they prefer public transport . Some other reasons might be rising gas prices , car crashes or hating driving !
As a result , I think both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to use each one in the right situation .
For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which means bullet train , is famous and very fast .
" Blue train " , which has many beds on the train and we can sleep comfortably on the train .
Recently , although there are many LCC careers we can choose , it is still expensive to travel by plane .
We should start , little by little , to help it .
That 's the decent way to reduce the adverse environmental impact and we will be able to protect our Earth .
This technique makes weed control easier , resulting in cost savings and yield gains , leading to increased global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
He said kindly,"I bought you a present . Open it , Tom " .
Tom opened the big bag . Oh ! This is a big surprise . There was a football in it which he had always wanted to buy .
There were some words : goal ! keep going ! Keep looking ! said his mom . Look !
There was also a cup in it . It said " do n't give up on your dream , keep going!go!we stand by you ! come on "
Tom loved it . " Thanks mom , thanks dad ! " Today is the best day of my life . Thank you ! "
My name is Anna . I am one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
Also , I love music . I often listen to pop music , R and B , and a little Rap .
So the need for buses has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time - consuming .
Cricket brings a passion in me . Whenever and wherever it 's possible , I find a way to start the game .
The best part of this game is batting . Whether someone knows how or not , he first prefers to bat .
In India , cricket is worshipped and players are lord .
I was very interested in making my career through this , but due to my studies , I ca n't make an effort toward this goal .
So , if are going to play this sport , do note that there are some rules and be sure that you have all the safety equipment with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure in batting first .
My friend went there . She talked to me about it so much .
I 'm writing to you to tell you that I am coming to your home next month . I hope that you are at home because I need your help . I want to buy a present for Mary and I do not know what her favourite colour is .
Now I have lived in Badajoz for ten years . We moved here to go to the beach every day . I like the beach and the sun , especially in summer when the sun is in the sky .
I like dancing and singing too . I 'm very happy singing on the beach , especially if you are with me .
More and more gadgets are invented , such as televisions , smartphones and so on .
If you can go with me , just let me know .
I usually run in the morning , when my roommates are still sleeping . I get up and run in the playground .
I bought shoes , clothes and a GPS watch . I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself . The first day was so painful . I was tired to die when I only ran nearly 3 km , but things became better and better , and now I can run 10 km .
If you want to start running , first , you need comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , to make a plan , like how long should I run today . Remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
First I will ask a question of you . If this was your own house , which you bought for a lot of money would you break it for no reason ?
We have Earth first , then people , than our house .
Just for money for more houses , but if we destroy it , we will all die . Our money will be gone , our house will be gone , we will have nothing .
Besides , some people destroy farmland to build houses , but if one day there is no farmland , then what should we eat ? Nothing at that time . We could n't eat anything!So what should we do ?
The forest brings us fresh air , but if there are no trees , what will happen ?
So my idea is that all the countries and all the people stop using farmland , forests and wetland to build houses , grow more trees , protect our world , our home star !
The lecturer disagrees with the paragraph suggesting that the mentioned test developed by Alan Turing does not answer the main question : Can a computer think ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " , who proposed a challenge to prove that Turing 's test was not conclusive , and that he created a paradox .
He selected people to go into a Chinese room . There was a computer in the Chinese language with different symbols . The Americans showed different behavior . They did not understand what was on the computer screen .
This was different to the original test mentioned in the text , where all the participants were American and native speakers of that language . It was really easy to understand what was on the computer screen .
I agree , for many people , travelling by car is much more convenient . However , in my opinion , there is still a long future for public transport .
My grandmother is going to visit me in July , so I would prefer to see you in August .
My younger sister wants to go to the beach , so if she is not a problem , she could come with us .
I really like spending time on the beach , but there is a lot of time , so we could go to the swimming pool if your parents say yes .
Also , we could go to the bar to drink some juice or go to eat an ice - cream .
Do n't forget to write soon .
I like cars , and I like high speed , that is why I love Formula 1 races .
I like Ricki Rikonen so much . He is a Ferrari team driver .
Ricki is not the fastest driver on the track , but he drives very safely .
Ferrari make one of the fastest cars in the world , but this season they are not so fast on the Formula 1 track as they were in the past .
If someone likes cars , then they should go to Formula 1 races to hear the bolid engine sound . I think that is the best sound I have ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 is also a dangerous sport . The drivers are exposed to the risk of accidents at high speed .
Michael is one of the most important economists in the world . He has written a lot of books about the economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
He decided to write a short essay about capital market abuse , so he considered travelling to Italy and picking up some financial data from the Italian central bank .
Two years after his essay was released , he would understand that his essay was wrong . Moreover , Michael would want to apologise to many people who read his essay , so , Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , and goes to bed . Thus , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
One day , the son of Lucy and her husband went to carve holes in the dirt to make a game , he made five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewel that had belonged to generations of gods . So he started throwing that for fun . One time that he took the jewel , it consumed the mind of the little guy and that made the jewel emit some sounds that only giants could hear , so a mountain stood up that was the face of a giant and he perceived negative vibes , so he killed the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
What 's more , there are countries around the world that lack teachers to go to remote areas to teach that rely on television to teach .
Like everyone , I was a normal person learning & improving day by day , little by little , from mistakes .
In order to reduce energy consumption , we should arrange things so that , as much as possible , lectures take place in the daytime .
There are a lot of clubs , pubs and bars , cafes , and karaoke , bars and it has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
And then , let me tell you about another place , ' Duksu Palace '
The palace is in the middle of the city , so you can feel the different mood between the 19th century and today .
Have you ever been mountain climbing ? That is incredible and amazing . Do you like your school ? your city ?
My school is fine and I like my country better than yours ; our teams are better than yours . England are the worst at football , Argentina rules .
England does n't have anything . You are the worst and most horrible country in the universe .
For sure , I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives students the opportunity of not just learning something in the classroom . More than that , it is the opportunity to use their knowledge in educational and social life .
I choose the wheel because it is the most useful invention ever because , thanks to it , human work is made easier , for example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today . The wheel was invented at a relatively late point in human history ; the oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
You might think , ' why is that ? '
In school , I study German and I like the language .
And the topic I like the most ?
Family are the people that will never leave you alone . They give you love and happiness . They make your day ! They are our best friends as well as our family .
First of all , friends are important for us . We want a friend that we can share our secrets and problems .
But friends may go away in the future or hurt you ! So you ca n't always rely on them ! For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and , in the end , they go away .
For example , if you are in a bad mood , the first person that will come to you to make you smile is your mom or dad .
In recent years , the public transport system has been improved .
In the last edition of Pur Plus , there was an important discussion about the next plan for cities .
This makes me wonder whether there is a future for the old public transport system or whether we should create a new system .
So there will be more traffic jams if we do not change our habits .
So , we will stop traffic jams and as a consequence the environmental problems .
transport in Sudan is so expensive . We suffer from the less and expensive transport here .
There are many kinds of transport , such as buses , trains and small cars called amgad and also taxis .
This is an interesting question because I believe that my family are my best friends , but at the same time , they are not my friends .
This is important , because it is important to have somebody to rely on .
But my family are not my best friends , because you choose your friends , but you do not choose your family .
Generally , it can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it had been before .
First of all , in 1995 , Shipsmouth was a green residential city with two forests .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squash , which gives a you flexible and healthy body . At the same time , this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age .
Squash can also be played individually , as two players together , or in a team of 4 players . squash is one of the very nice attractive sports .
SWIMMING . THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
I have practised swimming for 3 years . I am a good swimmer and I have competed in different swimming tournaments .
Swimming is my favorite sport because , through this sport , I train my whole body . It is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because he was the best swimmer in the world , and I hope that he returns to the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
Nowadays , it is easier to use the car instead of public transport .
Except for in the big cities , public transport is not an easy way to get around the city . That means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
In the first step , the bank notes have to be designed considering some , like background color , artwork and security issues . After the design has been prepared , skilled machinists prepare metal plates in the second step .
Other ones , which are bad sheets and bad bank notes , which are damaged apparently , are destroyed securely .
The most healthy sports are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or running , but I prefer to play tennis .
I am not very good at all , but I like to play it with my friends and play matches on Saturdays .
For new tennis players , I recommend knowing how to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball and how to place your feet .
He does not chase after the ball , does not fight enough to keep it . If he really needed the money , he would behave totally differently .
In this decade , the Taiwanese have started to enjoy our lives . So many people like to drink coffee or have afternoon tea .
One is original equipment manufacturers , like Foxconn . Workers in the company always need to do the same thing and the executives at Foxconn also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .
Although they produce high quality products , they receive little money and do high - pressure work .
The other one is original brand manufacturers , like htc . They produce a lot of new smartphones and sell them .
So , htc has become more energetic and bold in making innovation .
One evening , it was a blisteringly hot day but I still had to attend one of my friends ' wedding ceremony .
I was dressed in a nice suit to go to this party .
Consequently , I drank the alcohol on the table , looking for my friend , the bride .
I 'm Patricia Agüero . I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay for my studies .
First , I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of different kinds of food . In fact , on my last trip to Japan I learned to cook sushi .
In addition , I love dealing with people . I 'm very sociable .
Also , I 'm used to working long hours . As a matter of fact , in the holidays I have worked in many restaurants .
One day , Michael wanted to go out , so he called his best friend and suggested going out together . His friend agreed , so Michael put on his clothes , went out and closed the door , but at that moment he knew he had made a mistake .
When he got back home , it was late and the meeting was canceled .
I have other qualities like , cooking like a super chef or even better than that . I am the most organized person in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a way to teach everything you know to other people and help them to improve as a person .
I always do exercise . In the morning I like to run on the beach , in the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
So , in conclusion , I think that if you contract me , you will get an excellent person and an excellent worker .
In my opinion , public transport is more expensive and it is less comfortable than a car , because a car is faster than public transport .
Today , the people use the app " blah blah car " .
I believe that people in the future will begin to travel in shared cars more often and they will use less public transport , like the train , the bus , the underground , etc .
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much paper with you . Also , you 're on your own and at your own learning speed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper .
Negatives about online learning are that you 're not listening to much from a real person and more from a Computer . If pyou do n't have any listening things in the app you do n't learn how to pronounce the words . In my personal opinion , its better to learn from a teacher not only because you learn to pronounce the words correctly , but you also learn from a person , which is , in my opinion , way better . I think we spend enough time on smartphones , so I do n't think it 's the best if we use them to learn as well .
For words , I think it 's perfect , but all the grammar and talking , I think you need a teacher .
I love Grey 's Anatomy . This is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this show is beloved because of the soap opera drama parts .
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example , after school .
So , at a special time there is a special advertisement for this age group .
Except for some good movies , they also show a lot of rubbish .
Of course , you can put a child lock on the TV , but if you look hard enough for some you will find some .
I would say if you know how and when to use a TV , it is good , but especially for young people who think it is good entertainment to watch the whole day .
In the same way , Australians have a different attitude to their education system .
However , the attitude of the Colombian and Australian people is different in many ways .
In Colombia , some people have a high opinion of education , but there are some others that have a very low opinion .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of socio - economic levels , which makes people have different and divided attitudes toward education .
What is worse , the space taken up by the house is where some animals lived before , so they lost their homes , which become the houses of people . Nevertheless , the earth does not only belong to the human race .
Nowadays people usually use a car every day , actually for most of the daily things , despite the fact that there is a small amount of people that travel on public transport .
Cars emit large amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the cause of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid , Beijing and New York and this has to change .
Also , people think that travelling in cars is faster than on public transport and I agree with that , because the bus or the underground is always stopping at the different stations , so in this way , the car is better .
I will use public transport , not always , but more than the car , although you travel slower , because I want to save our planet so that the coming generations can live in good conditions .
I have been playing tennis since I was a teenager and , for that reason , tennis is my favourite sport .
Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as for a football match , for example , to play tennis .
For example , never start a match without a warm up , because you can suffer serious muscular injury .
With reference to your advertisement , I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS . I am John from the capital city of a southern state of India .
As I worked in a restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , I gained knowledge of basic cooking methods , and hope it might be helpful now .
I believe that this job is suitable for me .
Herewith I enclose my current CV , which you can see in the attachment .
I am interested in working a in new work environment , kindly reply .
Pleasure of working at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people of different ages , from the young to the elderly , who have forgotten all their worries and are enjoying the same concert as if not and be separate .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
After the revolution , construction will be used to represent the success of the revolution .
My mother and my father had a fight with each other . They wanted to not be together .
They even asked me who I wanted to go with . They grabbed my hands , wanted me to go with them , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
I wanted us to be able to live together forever . They took care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't make a choice . My father and my mother saw me crying and decided not to keep going , and they said sorry to each other and me .
If I were you , I would wait to spend the money .
When I was a university student , I wanted to swim well but I could n't swim , because I did n't have to swim in my life .
First , I registered at a swimming pool , then I went back to the swimming pool every day early in the morning .
After 6 months , I could swim well until now .
Nowadays , I usually go back to the swimming pool at the weekends .
Some of my friends did n't want to shown their body to anyone , because a lot of students do n't do exercise .
We do n't have enough time today ,
Subsequently , the next step is the most important . The bank notes should be inspected . The bank notes are separated into good and bad . If they get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution . At this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . If they get bad sheets , the next stage is disposal . The bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
Third , this is the most important step : printed sheets are manually inspected , and these sheets are classified into three categories .
The first is called good quality sheets . They will be packed and dispatched .
The next is called partially damaged sheets , and bank notes are separated into good and bad . Good sheets will be cut into separate bank notes and packed ; the bad ones will be destroyed by fire .
The third category is called bad sheets . They will be securely destroyed .
The most important step is the inspection by hand . That is to say , they should be separated into good ones , which are to be cut into bank notes and delivered to the banks , and the bad ones , which ca n't be utilised and are burnt securely in the last stage .
For example , I do n't have a car , so I usually use a train to get to my school .
If I go travelling I think a car is very useful , but driving a long distance is very tiring .
Children ca n't get a driver 's license , so children use public transport .
Of course , if people do n't have a driver 's license , they ca n't drive a car .
For example , maybe you have a personal situation that is very important to you , but you do not want your family to know about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .
I think it depends on the situation . On the other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best friends . You can tell them important things , but ask them not to tell your parents .
But also , when I 'm working on a project which involves business , I feel rewarded .
Actually , I realize that business is not for the major , everybody knows Tec is very demanding and if you want to be there , you must work hard .
Finally , I hope to have my own business .
Families understand our minds so much . However , our classmates or colleagues ca n't achieve that because they do n't stay with us all the time .
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
My advice is to be patient , be smart . This sport is not easy and it needs a lot of practice , a lot of time to be one of the greatest players of the game .
While I was dancing , she pushed my by accident , she did n't notice it , so I thought she was an arrogant person at first .
But , when our mutual friend introduced her to me , I realized that she was a nice , funny person .
She is also a good listener . She always knows what to say in a bad moment and she is always there when a friend is in trouble .
She 's from Morocco , so she has Arabian features . For example , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and big black expressive eyes .
I have just read that you need reviews of soap operas .
Most of all , I like Brenda , because she is a smart , beautiful person .
Although I have 5 members in my family , just one of those 5 is my real friend .
She has done a lot for me in my life .
Cities such as Beijing , a metropolis in China , face the salient bad traffic . As such , the government had to encourage citizens to go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
So , public transport plays an important role in our daily life . It has indispensable effects on society .
In the town center there are the most attractions as well as one of the best bars in the region ; " the Albastirca " .
To sum up , I strongly suggest that visitors stay as long as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
Some people say there is no future for public transportation , but I do n't think so .
First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you feel excited and entertained . Besides that , football has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the best and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Yesterday morning , a group of American tourists went for a bike ride through the center of Buenos Aires City .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle . He seemed to be 28 years old .
The man , who was armed , tried to steal a backpack .
The tourist was surprised to see a gun . The robber forced the man onto the street and then the tourist put to run .
They found a police officer near it and made a complaint . The group continued the bike ride and returned to their hotel totally terrified .
After two days and with the help of the filming , the gunman was captured and brought to justice .
Let 's take me as an example . I am a 25-year - old girl who graduated from the faculty of engineering and wants to travel to Germany to complete my studies , but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
College is the only place where I feel I am special . That is why I always like to be there .
Anyway , we will make mistakes if we do the new challenges and new tasks .
As well as the informative sessions about the environment organized by the Mayor for all of the residents , it also has lots of staff that clean the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
Eco - friendly :
If I suffer from any problem , the first step I take is I try to go back to my lovely sister because , deep inside , I know she is the only family member that can help me .
Secondly , if I need money , I will go back to my brother or sister . I ask them to lend me some money .
The other reason is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts . Most famous resorts lack parking lots , travelers may spend hours trying to park .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantages of travelling by car have been replaced gradually by public transport . The future of public transport is bright .
Sometimes , if I would like to play football but it 's raining , I can watch football on television .
In football , my favourite position is goalkeeper .
Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 times a week . Swimming is a good sport , especially in summer .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding a swimming pool . I think that is just an excuse to be lazy . The Internet will help you to find one . Let 's go swimming .
Nowadays , there are many choices for spending our free time , such as going shopping , travelling , listening to music , reading , etc ..
My first reason : football makes us stay in shape and avoid some diseases .
A second reason : it helps me make new friends when I join a football team .
They not only help me in every match , but also share everything with me in daily life .
A final reason : football makes us enjoy our life and improves the quality of life so far after working hours .
Although a balanced diet will offer energy and vitality , that 's not all . Exercising is important too , in addition to a balanced diet .
My favourite sport is football . I love it so much . When I was young , I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that , and after that , we played on a football pitch like in real football . I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is the best player in the world . A few people have told me that Messi is the best player , but I feel angry when I hear that , because that is not true . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day . It 's like a dream for me .
Because many people have died because of this , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction , even if the person wants to stop it .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I swim twice per week .
Sometimes I go to the swimming pool in the same area where I work and sometimes I go to my cousin 's swimming pool .
I enjoy it when I spend time in the water and now that I am pregnant I am afraid when I swim with a group of people . I keep telling them and screaming do not come close to me ! ! !
hhhh Sometimes it is funny ,
but my husband takes care of me . He does n't allow anyone to be much closer to me .
my mother - in - law likes swimming too .
last night we went to the swimming pool . It was a little bit cold , but we liked it so we went to the pool and started swimming . I know how to swim very well , but she does n't , she has to have a support otherwise she ca n't swim .
If you want to visit me , you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participate .
We , the management of The Arch London Hotel , received your email and wish to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desire to work in via return email along with a scanned copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us to make all the necessary corrections .
Indeed , all the indicators show that human behavior will not change , at least in the coming decades .
Above all , they talked more . We live in the era of telecommunication and no one could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
Moreover , also , simple things have changed . For example , the food we eat . Some time ago , everything was natural , healthy ... but now everyone always eats " junk food " and things like that , which are completely unhealthy !
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion , people wo n't have a " real life " . Everyone will always be more involved in virtual life , so that they will forget how to talk to each other and how to express their own feelings !
About food , I imagine a future society in which restaurants wo n't exist . People will eat only junk food and food which has been prepared before , food in tins ... so all unhealthy things , which will cause many problems .
For this reason , I also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have too much to do !
Do not ruin our life . It could all be so perfect !
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story " The War of the Worlds " , so it was inevitable . People began to see space creatures everywhere .
Alison left the house very scared ; it was a dream .
Nowadays , public transport is used by many people in the cities . We can find different types of public transport , such as bus ,
tube and train , but is there a future for them or not ? I am going to answer this question by discussing disadvantages and advantages and , finally , I will give my personal opinion .
To begin with , public transport is not as convenient as using our own vehicle . Every day , above all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people going to work .
Secondly , getting around in a city on public transport can be horrible . There are too many stops , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrive home .
Firstly , if someone wants to move in the city using a car , that can be very expensive due to traffic jams .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than ever before . Cities contain more automobiles and the pollution is worse .We need to change our way of thinking , and try to use public transport as an alternative to improve the environment of our cities .
On the first day , we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos . The day after , we visited Siracusa . On the third day , Agrigento and The Valley of the Temples , and on the last day we visited Marsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed all the cities we visited but the best , in my opinion , was Siracusa . In particular , I liked Ortigia , which is the oldest part of the city .
I also liked The Valley of the Temples of Agrigento so much : it was amazing !
A large number of people use it , which results in over - loaded buses and trains .
These days , private transport is more convenient than public transportation . Although public transport like buses , trains , ferries and intercity rail take less time and energy , sometimes it creates problems .
On public transport , people are obliged to share transport with strangers and we also have to follow company policy or regulations , but with our own transport , we do n't have to bother about these things . We travel when we want and when we have time .
They can travel to another place irrespective of the time .
We will be very happy and we
My favourite sport is walking . I really like this sport for several reasons :
1- It 's very common . I can do it anywhere and anytime I want .
2- It 's very cheap . I do not need to buy anything to do it .
3- It 's not a hard sport . In all cases I will not be tired after walking .
For all these reasons , walking is my favourite sport .
Moreover , you travel with other people .
Finally , if you drive a car , you do n't have to worry about a timetable . You can go at any time .
When you go by bus , for example , you must wait at a cold bus stop .
To sum up , in my opinion , travelling by car is better .
So many storms and all the things happening around the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we have to live on .
I suppose their lifestyle is intolerable , resteless and I really sympathise with them . The majority of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities but , through thick and thin , they go on .They achieve the goals made exceptionally for the sake of money and vanity .
There is one thing that confuses me , and that is the old extension number .
I am always answering wrong calls , and these calls distract me .
Also , there are many places to see , mountains and lakes where you can relax and have fun .
In itself , the film did n't have an special topic , but I can describe it as a friends film , as there is a lot of laughs , jokes , and it shows that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
I started running to lose weight and it ended up being a life - changing experience .
Running is cheap and everyone can take up running , no experience required . After all , it is just one step after the other .
In my country , buses are an essential mode of public transport .
That means they are careless people , who always drive too fast .
Maybe traffic accidents will be decreased .
The public transport most used in Toluca is the bus because it is the cheapest , but it is very bad and unsafe . The quality of it is very bad ; the buses are old and obsolete , they have broken windows and old broken seats .
The service is very bad . The drivers are very angry and stressed out so they do not drive with caution . In Toluca there are reports of high numbers of accidents involving buses .
I think we live very fast , always running . We do n't enjoy our lives .
Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things , we are always working to earn more money , we do n't meet our neighbours , for example .
In olden times luxuries were not considered as compared to health , but now everyone prefers to save time and maintain privacy , which one can only afford by using her / his own private transport , so gradually , public transport is losing its charm .
I think it 's very important as it reduces the problems of both pollution and crowding . We use fewer vehicles as it is big and carries a lot of people .
The underground , trains and buses . These means of transport are cheap , so it helps the poor to save some money .
Governments should take care of public transport . They should save means of entertainment . People should keep them clean and safe . If they use them carelessly they will be useless . Now there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Cars are faster than public transport , so cars are more convenient than public transport . They are easier , faster and more comfortable , especially for long distances . So , governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars .
Nowadays , travelling has made it easier for humans to move all over the world .
Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportation , like bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to fulfil their basic needs .
I hope giving equal priority to both public and private transportation makes us healthy .
Here , in this country , there are typical dishes , desserts , drinks .
Some of them are roast , mate and some others , but those are the best known .
I do n't think public transport does not have a future . There are a lot of people who can not buy a car and they have to use community transport .
There are more crowds and all the people want to travel by public transport , so it is difficult to travel . The best way to travel is in their
The first advantage is that the Internet is very fast . For example , when you want information about something .
Both computer games and mobile phones have got the internet . As a result , they have not got time for other traditional games .
Another disadvantage is that people do not meet with friends , since they speak on Internet websites , so every time there is unless relationship , the people are not sociable .
' Good Thriller ' was not my favorite type of genre until I saw ' No Escape ' .
And in some of the scenes , the little girls escaped or the dad had to make them jump from one building to another one !
I haven't studied for this exam at all and I have got very limited time , around 3 months , before the next test , so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
I am working in the daytime , so nighttime , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me , except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .
Also , I am thinking of studying with you for 2 months but we can talk more about this later .
I am good at speaking and listening but not confident at writing , especially essay writing . I 've never studied writing in my life , so I want to focus on this writing part more than others .
I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to use it and , more than anything else , it is convenient .
In particular , some people do n't have a car and some elderly people find it difficult to drive a car by themselves , so public transport helps them a lot .
Already , public transport has been improved and that makes it comfortable to go on a trip , but I think it will be able to be better and better quality , because so many people expectation .
I like the car as well , but when I have to drive a car , I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am travelling , so public transport is making connections between human beings .
So , humans , both women and men , should behave according to these points .
The question which arises now is should the employer hire women for some posts and exclude them from others , and the same for men ?
There are two answers to this question . The first one is from those who say that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
Also , if you want to travel , you have to make money for that and then travel .
Furthermore , you do n't study during this period and when you want to start university , you wo n't be able to remember some important things
I think public transport has a future where all people use public transport . Then I think that maybe it will continue to have a future but it has bad and good things . For example , it is good that it is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad thing is that bad people attack you and steal things . But I think that it has a future , because a lot people even if they use public transport to .
What I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much , you will have a future .
My mother is my best friend in my family . She always listens to me . Sometimes I call her by her real name !
She always tells me some jokes , but sometimes I laugh !
, i love her so much . I do n't know what my world would be like without her and I do n't want to know .
My name is Tom . I 'm 12 years old .
I am wearing a shirt and a pair of trousers .
I will wait for you at the train station .
Well , there are a lot of sports that people do every day , but I have one which is my favourite .
You can play with your friends or in a team , or even alone , but this option is the most boring .
I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around my city or my country . That is the best , because you can visit cities .
And maybe you will become a famous player or an ordinary player , but you will feel like a famous one .
Besides , it 's also an environmental problem ; exhaust fumes engulf the earth . The more the car is used , the more exhaust gases are released . We are killing our mother earth .
It 's the way to prove you are wealthy . When you get a car to your home , or go to school or work by car , people will change their minds about you .
Public transport is becoming a must - have means for many people who have a low income .
In conclusion , public transport is our future means of transport . I mean for most citizens .
Not car , though it 's convenient .
My favourite sport is swimming . It makes me feel comfortable and leaves me in a good mood . I go swimming twice a week , and my advice to anyone wanting to start swimming is to enjoy every moment of it .
We become not only older , but also wiser . We learn , but the most useful thing to learn is to get a lot of experiences and , for sure , to make mistakes . But we have to be honest with ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
As you know , my grandmother currently lives in France with my cousin John . Unfortunately , he has to do a three - month course outside of the country . John needs to leave France next weekend , but it is not possible . I have to go and look after her because none of my family can spend three months over there .
I am so sorry to delay your visit , which was planned months ago , but as I told you , it is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
Nowadays , technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful .
We as humans living in these days , rely on technology . Every aspect of our lives is supported by technology .
One example is television . In the past , we used it only for watching the news and movies , but as time goes by and the technology develops , now television has other functions .
Television can be used tor many things . Usually we watch television for entertainment , but we can also use it for education too .
Many programs consist of lessons for kids to learn . For kids who still want to learn to speak and know the words , it is very useful , because many programs are very suitable for them to help them learn faster by watching television .
Besides that , we can also use television to make us become knowledgeable , by watching news programs .
Second , these days , television has become modern and that means television can be connected with the internet .
So we can watch a program that we wanted , so we can choose what is good and not .
In conclusion , television can entertain and also educate , because television programs do it in an interesting way .
My favourite sport is football . I enjoy playing football with my friends . We play at night . It is very exciting to play when it 's raining .
When anyone fails to pass the ball or misses a goal we shout in his face " are you crazy ? How did you miss that goal ? "
I started following football in 2007 , at just 10 years old . I started because I fell in love with a team , and that then led me to love football in general .
I like to watch the games at home with my father , but always go to the stadium with my dad . You feel indescribable emotions . And my father was to convey this passion .
The future of public transport should be taken seriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best option for solving the problems with traffic congestion because , when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people are travelling from one place to other in just one vehicle .
For many years , public transport has allowed people to travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
Better still , the future of public transport is essential for a better life without traffic .
At the same time , we need more cars for more people . That 's the cause of more traffic .
It 's for this reason that I think public transport is a great benefit to society , and a good way for us to move from one place to another . I suggest that the government should invest more money for the purpose of improving public transport .
The food his team of chefs prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a work of art . Not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the head chef . Not only is the food , but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
Designed by famous decorators and their partners
, with the latest technological systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces by well - known artists and upcoming talents .
Last but not least , the service is remarkable .
So fairly George 's restaurant is one of the most universally renowned restaurants .
However , people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality . The big problem is that price is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series in well - known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .
Consider a good price and good quality by checking and visiting stores . You should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV , you can save money by only watching a few minutes in stores , take your seat , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies on your own TV considering price and quality . Some TV brings you the experience of enjoying your favourite movies in other scenery . Will you try ?
Whether people who reach 18 should do military service is an issue . The supporters suggest that it is helpful for 18-year - olds to train their physical fitness and psychological qualities , whilst opponents point out that it is harmful to human rights and affects the development of a country .
In my opinion , our lives will undergo a dramatic change in the next 50 years .
Dear John ,
I am currently a doing Master 's but I can devote myself to the Fellowship , especially since I have finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow up from time to time with my supervisor . So I have the time for the Fellowship .
First of all , I would like to tell you about the atmosphere of the film .
I work in advertising . I 'm an account .
Third , supporting recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard waste , for liquids , and the third for clothes .
I am a big fan of Arsenal ,
Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifying people locally and internationally . For example , it helps the US and China to normalize their relations .
Although I have been playing football for years , I am still not a professional player . This may be because I am not talented .
We will learn today some information about Islam . Islam is a great religion that comes from the Arabian Peninsula and it was founded 1436 years ago .
Mohammed came back to his town , Mekka , after that and forgave the people of Mekka who abused him .
We will talk about how people 's lives will change in the future .
Education will not be in schools and universities , but it will be on the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E - learning education , on many websites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
Shopping will also be on the internet ; everything will be !
Finally , I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn this summer in the U.S.A. , so ,
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
Firstly , they design the bank notes ' background colour , its artwork and security issues .
If the way to do that is easy and nice , I think in the end it is better than explaining theoretical concepts .
While we are having a good time watching TV , our brain is not in calm , just in another position different to the ones during the rest of the day .
I hunt with my dad and my stepdad . We hunt all different animals .
I hunt most with my dad , and we always have great fun when we hunt , but sometimes we can be a bit angry with each other .
I am communicating with you with the purpose of letting you know that we are going to set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discussing how we could use social media to improve the communication with our suppliers . I think a great time for the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
The purpose of this letter is to notify you about some complaints that some citizens have . This is related to why only boys have to be in the draft for military service , and girls do not have to .
I would like to go next Friday . Do you want to go with me ?
And then , for the preparation of metal plates , skilled machinists are used .
When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after doing my Omrah , I visited several places . Among them was a house for teaching the holy book of Quran .
The pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is from the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they could build a great building like that about 7,000 years ago and it is still strong now . People from all over the world come to Egypt to see it s great civilization . Around 2 million people come to the pyramids yearly . You can be one of them .
First of all , I would like to present some background information about myself . My name is Said Ahmed .
My English language is weak . I would like to improve it to complete my postgraduate studies .
I always go to the gym . I look all the time separate 1 hour and half for that .
On Wednesday after that I go to my belly dance lessons . I love it , because I can express all my feelings .
I think everyone should do one sport . We can feel better after that and that is very good for our health .
Therefore , in this city there are not many factories .
The yellow container is for plastic , like water bottles ; the blue container is for cardboard , like milk cartons ; the green container is for glass , like glass bottles .
Nowadays , due to the current economic crisis , its construction has been stopped until an undetermined date .
When I was ten years old , I really liked to play football very much . I joined a football team which is near to my home . I prefer this team because my family is not rich , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a stadium .
The team is not very famous , but I know in the future it will be .
The team name comes from the local area , which is AKSARAY . I like to play and watch football as well .
I want to advise all students to start this sport for their health and to get rid of stress . Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
After doing sport , you will feel your body becoming strong and your brain will be without stress .
In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind which are sweet , incredible , magical or horrible .
It was just a very long tunnel that was dark and strange . After , I felt my body ache .
Nevertheless , travel by car is easier for commuters , for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without the terrible discomfort of buses . In addition , there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , especially if the government invested their money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn , would revolutionise our lives .
In my opinion , people use television for distraction .
The television is being more and more utilized by people , so we are getting more problems with vision .
Going shopping is one of those things that you can love or , like me , you can hate .
It is much better to take a walk along the high street and do something for pleasure during this time .
If everybody used public transport , the world would be much better , and people will be less stressed , because they will be not worried about parking spaces or being in the traffic .
Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for people to be more healthy too .
I hope it will be fun there , and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me feel that I must go while I can . I ca n't wait till the day comes .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about the apartment . It is very beautiful , not big or small , but medium - sized with two rooms inside , a bathroom and a dining room and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view . I am sure he will like it . to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
Also , I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is a sunny day .
It is not to be afraid of the water , otherwise they ca n't learn to swim , and also , when they get older , it will be more difficult to learn than when they are young .
So , this is the advice that I would give them .
Michael was a little boy . He was 10 years old . He went with his parents to his grandfather 's home .
Once a day , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Although Michael was bigger , Sarah could control him . Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore , but Michael was afraid . He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepted the challenge . Sarah told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid . He waited for Sara to get out . He went to the shore to see if she came from the other side , but he found no footprints . His mother called him and he went home still thinking about Sarah . It was night and he was afraid to go there again . He went to sleep . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Our city is quite clean and habitable ; people are more careful than before .
They are sincerely managing waste and avoiding carbon - generated products .
As a result , the city - dwellers are now enjoying a more healthy environment .
Some progress has been made already ; it s implementation also runs at full speed .
The first time I took part in the youth forum was in 2012 , and since then , it has been a big part of my life .
Influenced by it , I started to look for universities in Scandinavia .
Since 2013 , I have been studying English and Marketing Communication at University College Syddanmark .
On the one hand , you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to . On the other hand , if you feel not well enough to drive , you have no money to buy a car , or the downtown of your city is closed to all means of transport except for public ones , the tram , bus or trolleybus is your way out .
Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home , I switch off the heating .
I switch on the home heating for a temporary period . When I am working from home , I use more energy to warm my home .
The next point is the fact that recycling glass and paper is very important .
We learn to really segregate waste and , in the future , how we could , for example , use the same glass a second time .
But there are some problems , like these - how will a lot of people drive who do n't like to drive or ca n't drive because they have some problems with their health .
Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases , not private , but public , and we ca n't say that this kind of transport will not be useful .
Some years ago when the weather was colder here people ate more meat with wine . In fact , growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
In fact , today people are interested in drinking wine when attending parties or meeting with friends .
Although a healthy diet is quite expensive , young people follow special diets in order to have a better body shape or a healthy life .
Actually , modern life has caused our palate to change . Instance some people who work the majority of their waking hours prefer to eat fast food more .
In my view , the reason for having more energy during the day lies in the diet program which is followed by each of us .
You see , I do not see members of one 's family as one 's best friends because , personally , I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
In my town , there are many regulations that are enforced by the municipality and the environment ministry , such as preventing animals like sheep , horses , cows .. etc , from being in the town and in the populated areas .
Also , recycling the trushes is a very intelligent way to keep the town clean and get multiple uses out of the products in industry lines .
on the other hand , the eldest people in our city have many social responsibilities and are encouraging the youngest people to participate in the annual gardening festival for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Although each household can make a real difference by taking good care of the area in front of their houses and keeping it clean .
Michael and Marcuangolo were friends , but in school they were enemies . They had amazing battles in the playground .
One day , at the end of classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit Michael , and Michael ran away .
Before I started university , I had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely , but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and sociable .
It was a wonderful experience for me .
We were talking about the last match . We were discussing our faults , when suddenly we heard a loud noise .
I like the Indian restaurants in the city . In addition , the infrastructure and roads are well organised .
That is to say , that most cars are not green , namely ; current cars are not designed to have a good impact on the environment .
Regarding the reason for the described situation , it is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies , which are aimed at getting as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
Or for some consumers that can afford a toxic and expensive car
On the other hand , the bad things are that you have to park outside of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you ca n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .
In my opinion , it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and times , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car , you could ask for special permission .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
Another environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by taking care of them . For that we have a care centre and , other additional institutions . We also make environmental protection centers where people can visit and learn about this . To sum up , our village is very focussed on taking care of the natural world that surrounds us .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
This country has many interesting places to visit . If you want to have an adventure , you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
If you want to have fun , you can go to Parque de la Costa . There are many interesting rollercoasters .
And if you want to go to the best museum of art in Argentina , you should go to Malba .
In my opinion , public transportation is the most convenient way to travel . The air pollution is one reason that I prefer public transportation .
Nowadays , in school , we learn a lot of subjects which we use more or less in our lives . Some of them are really important , but some of them are just a waste of time .
When I was born , I weighed 3650 grams and I was 52 centimeters tall .
I have one big brother , he is 14 years old and goes to Mörby Skolan .
I like parkour because it 's really fun . I also like guitar and playing video games .
It all began in 1981 when Freddy Fazbear 's Pizza opened . The establishment is a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant had robots . In 1981 there were four animatronics and their names were Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Foxy the pirate performs a show on her own in her pirate cove . The children love Foxy because he plays with the kids , answering questions about the pirates and telling a pirate story .
When Freddy began to sing , the kids screamed and they sang with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song . Bonny played the drums and Chica served the pizza to the children , This year the establishment closed because they found the body of a dead child .
In 1983 , the pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with a more friendly appearance .
The establishment sought a security guard who had to guard the pizza restaurant at night . I am the security man .
When I saw the advertisement for the job , in that time , I thought that it would be very easy . I called the number , they give me the information , and I accepted .
The rules are simple : just look at the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait until 6:00am and close the doors if you need to . I said OK .
My first night was easy because I only watched the screen and passed from camera to camera and nothing strange happened . I could only hear footsteps and noises .
After tonight , I left the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves . Everyone wants to improve his life to make it better but how can we do that without doing anything ? We must start with education and health , which are the most important things to be better .
The solution , I think , would be to fine owners .
I think people know that their dogs litter the city , but they prefer not to do anything .
If they had to pay , then they would do it .
In general , the city looks clean .
These also can be a problem , because recently they are falling down because they are old .
Actually , there are many huge problems in our city just as there is no proper drainage system for it , nor any specific canal system through which we can properly clean our city .
There is another issue that is due to heavy traffic but few roads that are wide enough so that most people are distributed due to these issues .
Also , you will manage approx . 16 people and you will have a free hand to deal with them as you like .
It is the capital city of turkey and it has a large area . There are a lot of people living in Istanbul .
What erer Whether it changes or not , I will always like it more than any place in the world .
My name is Alejandro Martín . I 'm 30 years old . I have heard about your organization and I would like to work for you .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada . In that school there were good values , like sharing or helping other people .
I 'm looking forward to your reply .
There is a lot that I 'm proud of in my life , but actually I do n't know what I 'm most proud of .
A very big weakness I have is that I can forget nearly everything , especially homework and other school stuff .
happy , funny and sometimes bothersome .
Someday I want to go to Bali , because it seems like a really nice place .
My favorite song is Prayer in C .
My favorite singer is AVICII .
If you have a car , you probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who do n't have a car , so they are used to going by bus and , for them , this way of travelling has become more convenient , because they have done it since they were children .
Therefore , whatever opinion you have is the result of the social situation in which you live .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
But in spite of this , a lot of people have a dream about owning a car .
Of course , private transport has a lot of advantages , like , you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stops or you can go everywhere you want at a time convenient for you .
How are you ? You know , it has been a long time since we have seen each other . Why do n't we go to the cinema ?
So , what time will you finish school ?
27-dresses is a romantic comic and funny film . It is recommended for all ages .
I saw it with my family ; my children and my husband . We had a good afternoon .
The film is about a girl . She is invited to many weddings and she is a maid of honor at all of them .
She has twenty - seven maid of honor dresses . Meanwhile , she falls in love with a boy who is very handsome , but he works for a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city . He is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
Nowadays , we have a lot of environmental problems .
As a result , roads are overloaded and long traffic jams damage the air .
On the one hand , that quantity of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's a personal right to have one or not .
On the other hand , the government should think about some measures for protecting the environment .
For example , introducing several special dates in a year for using only public transport .
Unfortunately , many tourists do n't care about keeping personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the beach ) clean .
I think nature will get the most important benefits if everybody takes care of his own space in the best way .
Sport is a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health , including both aspects that are physical and mental .
The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on the time available after earning my daily bread and , needless to say , after sharing precious moments with my lovely family .
In today 's world , television is very important .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negative way . Most people around the world can see any news live . Media is more helpful for people . Television is also used as a study resource , for example for smart classes ,
online courses etc . Television is a very important medium . We can improve our language with the help of the television . Now we can see
Michael 's parents were absolutely poor , they hardly paid school fees for him , although they did their best to see him be educated .
When he got up he insulted him and tried to beat him . When he returned home , he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
All my free time , I work with children and teach them .
I really love taking care of myself , and so , last year I decided to go walking every day in the evening .
I love walking near the harbour of my city , so I can have a look at the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind , and so , I take deep breaths .
I suggest everybody should have the same evening walk . You just need a pair of comfortable shoes !
The main reason for people not liking to travel by public transport is overcrowding .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately that he had planned two weeks ago .
This event was his sister 's birthday . " Now is the suitable moment to announce her surprise " , Peter said .
Then peter started , " happy birthday my lovely sister " , peter said , and gave her a car key .
After that , the celebrations began and a lot of their friends came , each one presented a gift to Sara . She was really delighted and , suddenly , the doorbell been rang
Sara stood and stared at her for a few minuets and hugged her and bowed her for coming and thanked her . They had n't seen each other for several years since they had finished their studies . Really it was a great moment and they stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening , and agreed to visit their college at the weekend to recall the best memories . It was Peter who arranged this celebration and contacted Tia and prepared for all this to happen . Sara never forgot that day .
Building started in the Qin dynasty . Its purpose was to resist the Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
If we 're planning for what we have , then we are behind the curve " , Anthony Fox .
When we talk about convenience , comfort and safety , then private transport is more likely to be considered .
People often tend to go on their own , as private vehicles , such as cars can be bought easily with loans provided by banks .
Suddenly , we heard the sound of running footsteps .
Perhaps someone had been killed , or kidnapped in the street .
My name is Kamaldeen . I 'm 31 years old . I 'm married and I do n't have children .
I graduated from my college in 2001 . After that , I got a job at the Ministry of Health and I have been working there since 2010 .
I like a lot of activities , such as travelling , reading , playing soccer and watching movies .
To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack money , then you will not be able to take pleasure in it .
Human life has changed a lot in recent years , and it seems that this will happen faster every day . Technology advances and the changes in our way of thinking are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
Technology advances way too fast and it is really difficult to guess what kind of stuff or artefacts there will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , like flying cars , smartphones the size of a small piece of paper , really thin laptops like a quarter of an inch , clothes that clean themselves or change color and shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reigns in that time will focus on companies and making money and spending it . This is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to home offices and the firms are giving more and more facilities for their employees to be more efficient .
Finally , the kind of life that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of life , but this will be only to make more money and consume more and more . Also , things will be faster of waste to make people change their possessions more often and stimulate consumerism .
Firstly , it is clear that more houses and transport networks are convenient for our people . What is known to us is that the population growth is a big problem which creates a need for more space for living in .
And building more transport networks is also a benefit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can shorten the time spent on traveling , while the animals may not welcome it .
She moved to Kyiv , graduated from university , and started to work .
Although she tried to hide , she became a great and famous model .
From time to time , it seemed to him that he loved her .
Once , Lora came to him and told him that she was sick .
With all that , I do have my favorite club , team and country as well .
They always buy talented players that will make the club improve tactically . People always say this ; " Barcelona does n't buy players " , it 's not like they lack money .
The facts should not be hidden . Barcelona is the best club team in the world , whether you like it or not .
first of all , you should eat healthy food to have a good physique , do more exercise and sleep less .
I reach home at 13:00 , then I have my lunch and relax for an hour .
I think it 's important to maintain our tone and , of course , our health .
Because when we do a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy . That is happening with me .
But we have concrete examples , which we should follow and which already demonstrate that nothing is impossible
, like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi . They are two people who succeeded in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .
They are passionate about what they do . More specifically , those people are in love with their job .
If I do that , now the day is one of my best days . It 's a managed day for me .
In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport . I like to do a little of everything and I do n't refuse anything .
Every year , thousands of cars are sold and the demand is growing .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there are some important tournaments in which all important European teams participate . They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participates in this sport without excluding anybody .
People start to play football on a regular pitch . After some time , they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not strong enough for running around the pitch many times .
If you train often , your muscles will become very strong .
You can improve it by running with the ball and , gradually , you will improve your ball control .
I 'll tell you a story that happened at school .
All my class called me creep ugly geek , but still little good only when a teacher wanted fresearch from them or the exams
were in the next couple of days , but Michael tried to stop me doing that because they never became my friends and I was better at doing those things .
That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
As we can see , modernization is causing damage to rivers and seas .
In my opinion , pollution is a problem in the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more . Any kind of help is necessary .
However , the best option is that you come here and then I will introduce to you my friends and their fathers , because they can help you with finding a job .
On the other hand , I do n't recommend travelling , because it is very expensive .
But it is your decision . These options are my advice .
I will look forward to your news about your decision , but I am very excited , because if you are with me , I will have the best summer of my life and I will be very happy because we will have parties with a lot of friends .
But , whatever . I went .
To the door and opened it . It turned out that it was my brother .
I practised dance a long time ago , but with age , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
After 10 times , I obtained results in my body : stretchy , sinewy and flexible .
In my school days , I did not participate in any programme , even sports .
While I am in ANDRAPRADESH every year , we have a Christmas function in December . Although we are not interested in attending Drama , they would not let us not play even a simple character .
Personally , I believe that those who do not participate in any activities should be encouraged to do so by teachers .Only then will they also know how talented they are .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car . In poor countries , most people take public transport , because people do n't have a car and it is cheaper to take public transport . The pollution caused by public transport is huge and is growing . Third world countries should have eco - friendly transport .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I can see the greed in their eyes , as if they ca n't wait to see me dead . They ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
I love this place because it is relaxing , but the only problem for me is I live alone and I 'm lonely .
She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it . It was a beautiful little monkey !
Since that moment , my life changed and now I go everywhere with " Yango " . That 's the monkey 's name .
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy at the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay . Also , I have just finished a sports and health course at the Universidad de la Republica , on which I learned to work with people of all ages in the sports area .
These include many kinds of sports , such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running , etc .
First , basketball is a team sport , which means I need to understand the expressions of members of the team and keep in contact them . For example , my role is cutter but I need to do assister , blocker and guard when I play .
Secondly , every country has its own martial arts history and culture , for example , kung fu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
It is not just fighting . These sports give people endurance , speed and power .
There is no special criteria , such as tall and strong muscles or gender .
I suggest to other people to first understand yourself , such as what you like , what is possible , and then practice after every success .
They use a bat and a shuttlecock , which is like a bird 's feather .
The positives of playing badminton : you can lose weight , and your vision will be good etc .
I think this because the new technologies are created by people to improve our habits .
For example , the Internet in the next 50 years will be very different . I guess that people will have a chip in their heads and they may do many things with their minds , like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we will be able to speak with them .
On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Also , people will need to improve medicine to cure diseases and , for this , people need to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle . We will change our clothes , thinking and other things . We will be more dependent and we will need more things for our day to day life .
Anyway , I have to find a bird to develop myself and take a rest .
Someone rang the doorbell and he opened but there was nobody at the door , so he closed the door again .
The doorbell rang again and he opened the door again . His sister was with him and she was very scared , but there was nobody at the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was loader and he understood everything .
It was by that that her sister was scared and woken up ...
Twenty years ago , I started playing football .
I had played a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football , I felt that was my sport , that was freedom .
Because of injuries , I am now thinking about leaving football to dedicate myself to my other passion ; the guitar .
When other kids are happy , that makes me happy . I like it because it makes me feel good because you do n't haf't
( have to have words to go owling but you have to have hope to see an owl .
to playing Counter Strike , walking in the park , going shopping , and I ca n't stand the sight of blood .
Hi Jenny
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor that I 've ever seen is Vin Deasel . He is an excellent professional and he starred in a great number of movies , like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies , Bulletproof and other excellent films .
This is one of my favourite actors , because , when he is recording a film , he assumes his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .
Another of my favourites is Will Smith . He appeared in the well - known film , Men in Black and other excellent films like I am Legend .
He is , for me and many people , an excellent actor because his personality is extroverted .
This topic is controversial these days . Should everyone take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university ?
This helps them also to explore the job market ; some jobs are in great demand compared to others .
It is better to finish studying first , then go to work or have relaxation with travel .
In my opinion , it greatly depends on an individual 's financial situation .
If you have money that can cover your expenses on travel , it is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expenses ,
The technology and industry are developing very fast , so public transport has no future .
Congratulations on your wedding . I hope you will be as happy as you are now your whole life .
Thank you very much , Joe , for thinking of me to be your witness . I feel very proud that you thought of me to be your witness and , of course , I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
Joe , I have the same memory as I had when I was a child , and I do n't remember Sophie .
Could you describe her to me ?
Anyway , I have never been a witness . What do I have to do ?
Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excited about your wedding .
I will be at home for my mother 's birthday in November , and if you can , we could have a drink .
Anyway , congratulations to you and Jenny again .
Hello , good morning .
When you drive you must take precautions at all times because if you do n't you can cause an accident .
Some disadvantages are that you may not have the money to maintain a car , and always remember that the car should give you a service and not you to it , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine , so you do not fail .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
There are mobile phones which have face - to - face communication , and transportation driven by solar energy .
Even though the personal car is used more and more because of its convenience , in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will cause public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
Imagine if everyone had private cars . Would we walk on the top of the car to meet our neighbour next door ?
Therefore , public transportation is deemed important to reducing congestion on the road ; the traffic .
Although the personal car is popular , public transport is still valuable to the country .
Hope you will be free at 6 a.m.
In my opinion , the weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break , but allows us to enrich ourselves .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to go to university , taking part in reducing the carbon dioxide emissions from my car .
I am writing to tell you that I ca n't run the marathon with you , because the distance is too great for me . I 'm not fit enough for that .
I'm sorry . Maybe next year I can go .
I really think that we should speak English .
Next year , in October , I 'll go as an au pair to Oxford , where I hope to learn English .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier .
I should go in October , for 7 months .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier .
The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer . I think that playing it is a good way to enjoy yourself .
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want . It is a very good game . I think that it is the best " shooter " and that " Arctic Combat " is good too .
I am a very good player at this . I know to how play it very well .
Summer holiday
I did n't have a long holiday . It was just for 3 days , but those 3 days were the best in my life .
I must say that I went there because my sister is living there , so I did n't have to book a room at a hotel and spend too much money .
I went to the Vatican and Rome . I saw their massive buildings , which were impressive , and their old houses .
The weather was fantastic . I love sunbathing and resting on the hot sand on the beach .
I am Melody Martinez . I 'm 26 years old . I was born in Mexico .
One of my passions in this world is helping people , any kind of people ; old , disabled , poor people and kids .
Peter had studied and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally , his mother would see him after four years apart .
Secondly , recycling waste . After collecting it , they then transport it to factories to recycle it into useful materials we can use again in all aspects of our lives .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of the environment to increase environmental awareness among people , to encourage them to take care of their city , and teach them how they can recycle some rubbish to make useful objects to use at home .
At the end , he continues running . Thanks to this , he achieved his goals .
First , we use the Internet to discover the world 's news ; on the Internet we can check and read the world 's most famous newspapers , such as the New York Times , the Sun and also electronic newspapers .
The Internet can also be used to study and to educate yourself ; the internet allows us to read books , magazines and short stories .
The Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job . Many people use the Internet to work , and they earn money every month .
In conclusion , the internet is making things better and easier ; life now is always connected to the Internet .
Visiting this small village , you will enjoy rural tourism with charm .
Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum , where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , in addition to tasting its exquisite oil .
Meet their patron saint , San Isidro , and get the most out of their memorable party in his honor .
I have liked swimming since I was young , and when I grew up , I told my mum that I wanted to compete in competitions .
The first time , it 's difficult , like any other sport , because you do n't know and you have to improve by yourself , but if you like it , you will find it fascinating .
Also , I remember my first competitions . I did n't win . I came 4th , but I was n't sad because I thought that the next time I would do my best and probably I would win .
I went swimming 4 hours a week and it was amazing , because I improved a lot and , right now , I 'm one of the best .
If you want to take up swimming , I would recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time as you are doing exercise .
In the past , most people did not worry about their healthy .
These days , almost 80% of people have assured feel concerned about their bodies and their diet . Because of this , they promised me that they will try to improve their daily diet and they will do sport more frequently .
Like most people , we started to do sport because we were stressed and needed to get out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
One day , I went running and since that moment I have not stopped .
The perfect moment is whenever you want ; in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening , or in the night .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks are the squares in Tampico . The best shopping centres are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero . The most important parks are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
The beach at night is a good place for happen with your family .
In conclusion , I 'd like to offer my help if anything is necessary .
My name is Andreia . I am 27 years old . I am a very friendly person and I have experience in this area .
Last summer , I worked with children aged 10 years old for a month and I organised some activities on the beach , such as football games and gym classes .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , is in need of evolution . That might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best means to get to places the roads and geographical areas of which might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
Firstly , everyone can buy a lot of types of things in my city . For example , in the centre of the city , we can buy souvenirs , because this town has got old monuments , theatres and churches .
In the north of the city , people sell all types of food .
Normally , this food is made when people did in the past , although the best street market is in the west of the city .
However , you can read a book while you eat and drink some things on the sofa of street .
Finally , people can visit the biggest shopping center in Spain . The location of this shopping center is on national street 445 in the west of the city .
It all begins when a daughter comes to visit her mother and her step - father .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen , but to your surprise , it always turns out to be something unexpected .
Despite the fact that there is n't any Hollywood star , all the characters are played very believably and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .
Even the scenery is not based on a real story . It will make you think about accidents happening around you .
Sometimes I felt that the background songs did n't match with what was happening , but after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it .
In toward to the modernization of life and technology , people believe in different perspectives of their way of life , but the majority of ones are totally utopian .
In the biggest cities around the world , the traffic is nonstop and increasing every day .
In the morning , we went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphins , cats , horses and many other animals . In the afternoon , we went on the roller coaster . I screamed at the top of my voice and called for help . Actually , I hate riding on roller coasters . We played mind train , punch , and a lot of other games . At the end of the day I was running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
On the last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other . She gave me a present and asked me to keep it for her .
In the case of Internet learning , we can set one 's own hours of learning .
On the other hand , learning on the internet in the long term we could feel bored or lonely . School gives opportunities for learning in groups when students can help each other and solve problems .
Malcolm Young is a guitarist who , with his brother , founded the rock band , AC / DC .
He has never been the most famous guitarist in the world . He was just one more guitar player .
However , he has never thought of this as a problem .
But why did I write this article about someone who seems to be a simple guitarist . The reason is just one : the life of this man who one day just disappeared from the fans ' sight .
On September 2014 , a note was released and published on AC / DC 's web page . The note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
Dementia is an illness that affects the brain ; people 's memories are lost . Malcolm does n't remember who the people around him are .
Live you only have one life , today . Perhaps tomorrow you will lose everything .
Relationships can be very different .
But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brothers our enemies without any reason .
I think every family has got a television in their own home and , for example , I have 4 televisions in mine .
For me , television has advantages and disadvantages .
These are advantages , but we can also have disadvantages from them .
For example , we can become addicted to our television .
In general , I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and TV and other similar things are responsible for our problems with health and eyesight .
So , television has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us how to behave with it .
To keep our minds well and healthy , we need to spend some time on sport .
I like cricket . It is the best of all the sports . Cricket is a good mind - refreshing game .
He picked up the phone and dialled the number of his girlfriend , Lisa .
I live in the beautiful city of Siena , which is famous for its landscapes .
If you come to Siena , there are a number of shops you should visit .
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) . She is great friends with Carlota Pedralba , and as well as best friends , she has some enemies .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing . She has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... As you see , she is good at drawing .
There are a lot of swimming pools in Hong Kong . People love to swim with their families , friends or their children .
I 'm going to visit your hotel from June 6 to June 24 .
The last mistake that I made has to have been when I changed telephone companies , because , since I changed , I have had a lot of problems .
After a month , I did n't know when I would receive my telephone .
Since that moment , I 've had nothing but problems .
On starting , I was really bored and I wanted to stop playing .
Before starting to talk about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the thing I love most in my life . I respect them , appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 years . I can tell her anything about my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , she would be the first to know .
About the rest of my family , as I said before , they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends , I do love them so much . The first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other one is still alive . But I do n't feel that feeling of love towards my uncle . I do love him , but he is just my uncle , no more .
Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I love most of them , especially the cousins of the same age . They are my friends . I love them so much , and also the rest of my family .
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL , which is incorrect .
Sport is very important for our bodies . It has many benefits to improve ourselves and give us self - confidence , so we should practise any sport we love because it can change our minds for the better .
About me . I like playing volleyball and I enjoy this sport when I play it because of its being useful for my body .
The benefits of any sport make your health good , so we should do it . Just do exercise every morning to make your blood flow in your whole body .
He is an athletic runner who has set a new global record . Nobody believes in him , not the media nor his own father .
When he was just about crossing the finishing line , he got hurt and his muscles were dying and started to peel off a black matter . At that point , the guys in suits thought that he would n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running . They froze the time and ran after him . He stopped for a moment , but then he started running again and when he crossed the line he woke up in a red somber fluid . He was wiped from the matrix . He opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was in a wooden wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again . Despite that , he stood up and tried to walk again .
basketball needs a person to be tall enough to play it . I like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , gives me self - confidence and makes me active . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a lot of exercises and try to be able to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but he should n't give up .
There was an island that each year in a particular month suffered a hurricane . This island is located on the equator . People go to this island these days but they ca n't go when there is a hurricane , because they could die in the hurricane .
The island was flooded but the island had a levee that prevented flooding . Then after many years , an engineer started constructing a building to have more money than in the city . He put many advertisements on all things : balls , balloons , movies , etc .
The engineers needed help to construct the building . They called a professional to see what was wrong .
Then the engineers called another sector to ensure the doubt about Atlantis . Then the professional said that the other professional was correct .
Then they drank a coffee that give them a lot of energy to construct the building faster . This coffee has an ingredient so that people can live all night .
First , one elevator did n't function . Then they had a fight to find who was to blame for the elevator .
The people did n't know that this was a cycle , because the engineers did n't tell them about this hurricane .
But the engineer ignored this situation . Then a helicopter came to save the residents .
This helicopter had humid .Then the helicopter started to rotate in the whole island . Then the helicopter sank in the water . Then the hurricane ended and the engineers started to distribute food and medicine .
Then the engineers discovered that the eye of the hurricane was widespread all over the island and that the island was a hemisphere . Then in the city , qualify to the people that work in this building .
When I started to study here in Australia , I found the difference in curriculum compared to my home country .
In my home country , when I was at university , it has quite easy for me to follow the educational policies .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influences on the nature of the student population attending universities and how this shift affects , and is affected by , university policy and practiced are important issues .
However , one friend disappears , then the four friends decide to discover where he is .
Therefore , public transport has its own importance .
In order to avoid environmental pollution , people should use public transport . That will not only help to reduce the pollution , but also the extra expenditure on petrol .
In my country , weddings are celebrated from Spring to Autumn .
If the wedding is in the morning , women wear short dresses whereas , if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dresses .
But , you can travel by plane . It is not very expensive .
My advice for finding work is a bit complicated because , nowadays , there are a lot of people without work .
But you could be lucky , because the summer is very near and the work increases .
Good luck !
I had been waiting for that day for a long time . It was my wedding day .
In the sprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba , so I excitedly accepted .
I had met my boyfriend 5 years ago , so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .
My best friend is Jennifer Giordano . She 's pretty and smart .
Besides that , the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose the private room to accommodate our farewell dinner .
You can order a set menu that Huang Ji Huang offers or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot , but you must choose 3 to 5 ingredients .
But if you do not like spicy , you can also try the Honey Sauce .
Every month , Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their customers , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more , for complete information you can check on the website or call the restaurant .
When I remember that moment , I am excited .
Some people think nuclear power has great value to produce power compared to fossil fuels , such as coal and oil , which are not renewable energy .
These kinds of weapons do not kill one or ten , but destroy a large town completely .
In my opinion , using nuclear power is important for the great development in human life . Countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure power for people .
Yesterday , I was surfing the Internet and found an amazing site www.bargainstime.com .
By train , you do n't always have room for your luggage .
By plane , you can hand your luggage in at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . You can always be sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
For more than thirty years , in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " , a traditional restaurant with the typical cuisine of the coast of Málaga .
With your drink , the first portion is on the house .
If you pay between one and three euros , you can choose little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .
The portion of prawns is very famous , as is the octopus salad , which is known by everyone .
The service is very organised and fast . Although it might be high season , you will not have to wait a long time .
For several decades , the population has been discussing arguments for and against GM food .
In the first quarter , we can see that sales rose . In the second quarter , sales went up , but in the third quarter , sales were unchanged .
My favourite sport is football . I love it .
I enjoy playing it , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this , for me , is really important .
The thing I like best about football is playing it , but I also like watching it . In fact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
OK , there are some fans who are n't good people , but the major football associations are trying to stop them and to abolish all bad things in football .
For all the people , I advise you to start playing or watching football , because , for me , it is a very good sport . But you can only play football well if you really like it , because , first and foremost , football is fun .
However , some people do not care about the environment . That means some people throw garbage away in the park .
I think almost everyone loves parks , because a lot of people go to the park and have lunch , picnic , do exercise , nap etc .
However , not everyone does that , so how much the public authorities care about the environment is important and this town cares about that a lot .
Every morning , some people come the to park and clean . up That makes us feel really grateful .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and the roads are clean , so I think many people care about the town as well .
There are many sports grounds , for example , tennis courts , football pitches and play equipment for children , so I think my town takes care of the environment . That means everyone will be able to the in be best condition in both mind and body a for long time .
In particular , there are a lot of green areas . These makes good health .
However , someone has to take care of them .
After I went to live in England with my family , I have goton the feel very much indeed .
This movie is based quote unquote on a " true story " , but obviously director Michael bay known for the transformers franchise puts a lot of Hollywood into this movie . It 's about a bodybuilder named Daniel Lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his property , which obviously is not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventually the police get him .
It 's a great funny movie , especially for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .
We saw a lot of sights , like Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world , and the London Eye .
To get to Big Ben , we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye , a red bus .
Of course , we do n't have 2 million balls for each student . No , we share with each other .
Do you know why I enjoy my sport ? I will tell you why . Because when you play you have fun and interested .
My favourite character is Joey , who is a silly , innocent man .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our lives . Families definitely play an essential role in society . According to the experts , we ca n't create a successful society without creative families , and another specific part of our lives is good partners surrounding our daily activities .
One of the main advantages of family is the recognition you are given at a specific age . Children require special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family . For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society .
The last film I watched was " The Others " . It is a horror / suspense movie . I was really scared .
It is about a family ( a mother and her two children , Nicholas and Anne ) . The mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the light in general .
So the does n't go outside in the day , and in a room there can not be more than one candle at a time ; it has to always be dark in the house .
Strange things happen in the house . There are " intruders " in the house ; Anne saw many times someone called Victor who " plays "
and the mother thinks she is lying . But after a while , she believes her and starts searching for the intruders .
At the end , the intruders turn out to be ghosts that
I think nowadays it is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there is no future for public transportation it is not completely true . I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
Another reason is that , here in Mexico , in some cities , you ca n't use your car on specific days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .
We made our university proud , plus we helped people .
Does why , it is easy to believe that if things continue at this pace and transforming everything , in the near future , in 50 years , everything is going to be completely new and different .
But then industrialization came and , with that , technology , so ways of life started to change and everything started to go faster .
As I said before , because of technology , many things have become possible in less time , and with the passage of the years , this has tended to increase .
It also means that research can be shared easily or , for example , you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as well , so you can react faster and make some changes .
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
As a result , we will need to change fast , to try to fix what we have broken and start to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
They are tending to work as much as men , so it is hard to have time for building a family or even sometimes it is hard , too , thinking about getting married .
I studied in Kuwaiti schools . After that I went to Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine . I graduated from it in 2008 with a very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with an Excellent grade .
Now I 'm working in voluntary positions , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others .
On the one hand , society is becoming increasingly fat and some kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat healthily .
On the other hand , it 's hard to implement this idea .
The aim of this report is to provide an assessment to relocate the current campus canteen to a location that would be more accessible for all the students . Hence , it will hopefully prove both the profitability of the canteen and the important role it plays for all the students on the campus .
As all of us know , today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .
And in the process of owning , we have moved so far ahead that a day will come when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
As our country is developing , there will be a time when each and every individual will be self - reliant and will definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commuting from one place to the other .
In 1999 some college friends went to the desert on their holiday . They went camping to have fun .
But one day , two guys with quad bikes saw something wrong , and they sad " what 's that ? " . They saw a dead body . They were scared and ran to their camp .
After two days , the police saw somebody at the crime scene . The policeman asked them what they were doing there . He was scared and puzzled .
television serves the dual purposes of entertaining and educating people . In order to cope with the competitive world and get recognized in the corporate world , one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
Television has become one of the means to reduce stress levels . Besides providing entertainment , television has also become a source of information .
Well , I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engineering sustainable development .
To be honest , I take the finals exams as a challenge and it becomes exciting for me , and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and most of the time , I get good grades .
Sometimes , I trust a lot and I have bad grades so I feel depressed .
Nowadays , public transport is hardly necessary to our life .
Moreover , it 's not only a traffic problem , but the transport is also in bad condition .
How can we revive public transport ?
In the past , a family had only one car , but today we have a car for each of us .
Nowadays , there is very little public transport . The general public prefer much faster and more convenient ways of traveling around . Though public transport is used in major cities to avoid traffic congestion , it is widely recognized that public transport is eco - friendly .
Many people say that public transport is not comfortable . That 's true . From my point of view , a bus is not so uncomfortable .
Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some slight disadvantages . It 's also very useful for some people .
In my opinion , public transport should n't disappear .
In the evening , I would like to spend some time with those kids by organising some indoor and outdoor games for them .
I would feel more energetic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight - scheduled work . I came across your advertisement for this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect , because I have a friendly rapport with people around me . I would be pleased to receive your positive reply .
My town tries to take care of the environment , but sometimes it is not possible .
Nevertheless , in the last decade , some neighborhoods have become conscious of their context .
In my opinion , this sport teaches us to be mature , because , in addition to setting up the person physically , it instructs the mind .
In addition , they have a lot of facilities that serve students , like kindergartens that take care of the children of the employees , university housing , a hospital the students of medicine can be application in and it serves the people too , and a big library which has many books in various languages .
Besides that , they have some services like transport for students and faculty , some restaurants , and a mini - market .
In the end , large colleges admit larger numbers of students , so the students may establish more friendships with people of different nationalities . Also they serve the community by qualifying many students in various majors .
Once upon a time , there was a boy whose name was Michael .
One day , he woke up early in the morning and he went out to play football before school . When he was playing , he saw something running very fast and go away .
After school , he did n't go home directly because he wanted to check if what he had seen in the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
Next day , he woke up early again , not to play football but to see if that stranger would come back that morning , and he saw him again .
He rushed from his bed to the street and walked to his way to see what he did every morning . When he was walking after the strange man , he noticed that he stopped at every trash can in the street to take a look before going to the next one . And , guess what ? He saw Michael and ran away and Michael was afraid .
The organisation has reached its current position because of people like you .
This becomes the concern of employers , since it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
But everything went out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked her in her abdomen . The substance spills through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of its capacity .
During this time , she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD , the Professor of a university , to ask him what happens if a person reaches 100% of their mental activity or IQ .
Nowadays , people are using their own cars instead of public transport . This is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport is more than in smaller cities .
People are getting used to driving their own cars ; it provides more comfort , and is more practical .
The impact of this has huge consequences for climate change . In the future , the global pollution will increase according to the level of cars .
If we travel by car , we generate more pollution than with public transport .
With a car , I feel more free as I do n't depend on other people to get to the destination .
I believe that in the future all transport will be public transport or , at least , mass transport .
Recently , I saw the trailer of a film about vampires .
He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all the stores were closed , so he had to find a solution .
However , flowers were n't enough , so he decided to think of something else .
It is a true statement about cars . Travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new technologies apply to the
Many of us do not get enough time in the morning to prepare our lunch for the office .
University education is good for students but they also need to learn industry - specific skills .
At university level , the availability of IT training , software and manuals provides an ever accessible source of information that otherwise would not be to hand .
Also , the ' internet ' nowadays helps to get information from all over the world , and if you wish to get involved , then go to www.bbc.co.uk . These sites are a free way to find the most relevant information about current events , both in society and technology .
Michael told me he knew about this contest and at that moment he wanted to call me to ask if I was able to come with him to that contest .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise at what I saw .
" Golem " , as we all know , are magical creatures made from mud and having black rocks for eyes which can be brought to life by an incantation .
I looked at them , trying to think of something to do and then I said : " Come on boys , WE are going to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "
One night , while we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave outside of Los Angeles .
for example . If you go to another city by car , you may spend more than two days on the journey .
Thus , it is important to use public transport , because it is much cheaper than a private car , and everyone can consume .
Nowadays , public transportation is available almost all around the planet . We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century , but due to globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in continuous transformation .
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choices like cars , motorbikes , buses , trains , but also , as we were saying , planes .
As we were saying , the new ecological movement is increasingly more powerful and charismatic . Due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age . They are also linked to the new fashion of being a hipster .
In conclusion , we are seeing a new tend in transport . Increasingly , they are faster and more developed , with the latest technology included , but in contrast , we find also a contradiction , as we found another trend for traditional transport which avoids pollution in order to respect the Earth .
I agree that commuting by car is easier and faster than most public transportation . However , there are serious problems that come from it . The number of vehicles on the roads keeps increasing and causes congestion and pollution , which are far more severe than the inconvenience caused by public transportation .
Many thanks for your message .
Then , if you want , we could go to the restaurant in the city .
Later , if you want , we could find a job for three months . In my opinion , a good job for three months could be as a waiter , because waiters get a lot of money in the three months of the summer .
Also , I believe that lifeguard could be a good job , because , in summer , the people go to the beach and they need lifeguards .
If I were you , I would choose to be a lifeguard , because lifeguards earn more money than waiters .
If you want , we could go to the capital city of my country . We will go by car because a car is cheaper than the bus or train . We could eat in the famous restaurants of the city or we could go to the cinema . Also , if you want , we could visit the medieval wall .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
However , the extensive use of mobiles creates lot of problems .
To begin with , nowadays people are addicted to mobiles . For example , young people waste their valuable time on mobiles .
Moreover , their concentration is reduced .
To sum up , let people be aware of the drawbacks of phones and use them wisely .
This facility helps the general populace to save money , because usually this transport is the least costly .
The first time I rode on the horse , I was 14 , and since that time , I enjoy it very much .
When I ride a horse , I feel much better and forget all of my problems .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies . Although this kind of movie is actually sometimes a little bad , in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was totally surprised by this one .
Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan movie which has the participation of some Hollywood stars , such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
Public transport has a big role in transportation especially in large cities like the capital city of countries . Using a car sometimes causes traffic jams if everyone uses their own car . To avoid this , a good road network is needed . Also , the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
For that reason , using your own car is more convenient than public transport . You can travel whenever you like and wherever you want .
Finally , in the near future , most people will be using their own cars , because it saves a lot of time as compared with public transport and the time factor will be more important in the future .
My favourite day is Saturday because I do not need to work or study , so I can go out with my friends , and on Sunday I can wake up very late .
I know that I am not a professional player and I do n't belong to any team , but I like this game . Basketball is so simple play but it needs speed , concentration and the ability to determine distances . It consists of two teams of five players and each team tries to get a point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most about this game is that the smallest number of players can play it , even two players . I recommend everyone to try it , especially with their friends or family .
I wake up early , like 7 am . At that moment , I go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then I go to kitchen .
The most common are bus and train , but in the cities , people can use trams , subways or boats , and for a long distance , they can take a flight .
We should think of a better future and try to be environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge amount of pollution which is caused by cars and not think only of our comfort .
Here is the recipe : First , get some equipment , like a pan , water , one or more eggs , and , of course , a stove .
In the future , you 'll have to pay a lot of money for university , a new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too , but it 's not easy , actually .
Actually , where I live , the public transport is highly used . It seems that in the near future it wo n't disappear .
In fact , in some overdeveloped countries maybe it will disappear , because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .
Whenever I find an interesting book , I buy it immediately .
Public transport is more convenient than cars in many ways . When we use public transport that benefits in many ways .
In the future , cutting public transport will affect many people .
As our population is growing fast , in a family both husband and wife are working and children at university are able to drive , so you are looking at at least 3 cars per household , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
As fuel prices are now coming down , that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever ; prices go up and down .
In summary , public transport is important for our community and people have to raise their concerns regarding this .
Stopping public transport is not going to gain anything , and the impact will be unpredictable .
I think sport is good exercise for people who need to exercise . I have a suggestion for people that want to have good health : choose an interesting sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it will be fun and healthy for your physical constitution .
Michael had just realized that he had n't heard the alarm clock , so he got in a panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late for work .
He jumped out of bed and had a quick shower . There was no time for breakfast so he decided to buy something to eat near the office .
After the shower , he got his suit , but he had forgotten that he had n't done the ironing the previous day . Moreover , he did n't have any other ironed suits , so he did it quickly .
In spite of that , he was dressed on time .
Although it was n't true . He had forgotten to unplug the iron .
Nowadays , basketball is the sport which rules in the USA .
According to the results of a questionnaire ( Houston inhabitants ) most of them play basketball to forget homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
Also , they think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sports which is more intense .
Furthermore , they give advice to all those novices at basketball " do n't ever lose the passion " , because if they give up , they wo n't play with the biggest players in the world .
It is the way I can unwind , because my studies are stressful .
It gives me a sense of achievement . For these reasons , I would like to it do every day .
I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdoors , immersed in nature .
Since then , every year , I go to northern Italy to practice .
Hello Oskar ,
First , public transport is neither comfortable nor safe .
Public transport is very crowded , so you may not have a seat . I hate public transport because I was attacked by a madman once . also taxi is not a good mode of transport . I hope I have my own car soon to avoid public transport . Travelling in your car makes it easier and better .
I am writing with regard to your outsourcing service because I am currently having a problem with my accounted . For this reason , I am looking for a new service that can help me .
If you do have this service , maybe you are the people that I am looking for .
I 'm a really sporty person . I love different sports . I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that doing exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
I think one of my favorite sports of all is athletics . I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be better every day than you were yesterday . It forces you to improve every time . Also , it is an exercise that helps your whole body , especially the legs , because it gives them great strength , but also your hands , because they have to be in constant movement , and all the body in general , because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and helps you to have coordination .
I enjoy running a lot because it relaxes me . I let out all my worries and frustrations , so it makes me happy .
I recommend all people who want to run , if you do n't feel like you 're improving , keep going anyway and with time you will see results .
I am not sure that mine is the best family in the world , but I am pretty sure that I have the best parents I could ever have wished for .
Sidi is 24 years old . And last is Joni , who is only 15 years old .
Generally , I miss them all because I live in a distant city away from where my family lives now .
I used to live with them for 25 years in Genoa , but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .
Once upon a time , a boy was six years old .
When Lionel was around , Michael , the boy , was happy .
One day , I had a surprise . I met a teacher and he invited me to train in a huge gym in a team .
Suddenly something happened . I needed to work to play my studies in high school , so life changes anyway . I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I needed to study at that time . It was more important to me .
Today I do not play volleyball anymore , but I really enjoy dancing . Now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .
The hugest gap is in 1981 , when the cheapest price was combined with the highest expenditure on cigarette packs in the whole interval .
Later , both lines changed their regular trends so there is a huge imbalance again .
The world is progressing rapidly . Day by day there are new modes of transportation , there is new technology .
So , transportation is one of the most important issues facing mankind , because it is related to interaction between people , like trade and many other purposes .
From this point every human has the ability to buy a car and also buy his rest , he will not hesitate to do it .
But we do n't know if this change will be good or bad . I hope it will be good , but let 's talk about it .
Firstly , I 'd like to talk about jobs . I think that these are the most important thing to worry about . If our studies get better , we will create more jobs and as a result the economic situation of the country will be better .
In conclusion , I 've got to say that now we do n't have to worry about the future , we just have to carry on in the present and do the best we can .
Anyway , I was wondering if you wanted to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio s movie , because I heard that action movies are your favourite .
Today , many people use their own vehicle instead of public transport . The other thing is , it is an easy and convenient way to travel to work and any other personal work . , therefore , it can be seen that the demand for public transport is getting lower and lower .
However , even though everybody has their own vehicles , they will have to use public transport because the roads are full of vehicles .
I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor and can fulfill their dream . Many ca n't get what they accomplished . Those players are very famous today .
Some people prefer playing together , but there are also competitions between players .
In the future , people 's live will be better .
Nowadays , there are a lot of things that we do to make life easier .
Besides , they say all the time : ' Carpe diem ' .
The last member is me . I 'm an aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
I love my family , but everybody is staying or living in a different place or country .
The best brother for me is the second one , who is a dentist .
Anyway , I 'm very happy to write for you .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Research shows that private cars are used , most often carrying a small number of people at a time , which makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances emitted into the environment each time the engine is started .
But her boyfriend lived upstate and did n't have an airport he 's of city Because of that , she needed to travel by train .
She just packed a suitcase . After that , she went to the train station .
Another good option is to give them a difficult job to keep them busy every day . But I do n't know what kind of job it could be , because a person who commits a crime is n't going to do something to help society , like community service .
At first , I thought
What if it was my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened at my work ?
It went on ringing and , with great fear , I clicked on the green button .
Luckily , it was my colleague Jane , who wanted to drink a cup of fresh coffee with me .
The flowchart provides an overview of the steps for making bank notes . It shows how bank notes are manufactured from design to a thing we can use .
Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example , the colour printed on both sides , special ink is used and images are slightly raised .
There are no very big supermarkets near my home , but there is a nice one .
There are some big shelves in the center of the supermarket that are divided into different parts for different kinds of goods , like dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiments , beans , grains , rice , etc .
Also , a section for detergents , tissues , perfumes , etc .
You can see some store fridges around the supermarket for drinks and dairy products like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream . Also , chest freezers for ice creams . In one corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find what they need .
When you talk with someone , do you ever think about your words before you say them ?
You must think a little bit before you speak as one word can cause a lot of pain for others for the rest of their lives . you may not actually notice that , but you will feel what I really mean if someone says to you painful words .
For example , a kid named Michael .
Michael is a good boy and he always listens to his mother . on time , Michael was very angry because he got a bad score in his test . when he got home , his mother was cooking and she asked him what was wrong .
I prefer travelling in a car or by motorbike . I feel safe .
Also , I can see the air pollution is tallest .
In the morning , I go to school by bus with my brothers , but they get up earliest .
Once upon a time , there was a little man called Michael . That man had the heart of a little child and the courage of a big man .
He had a girlfriend called Sinha , who was a girl with a big heart but , unfortunately , a broken one .
One day , Michael decided to throw a surprise party for Sinha to make her happy and make her feel his love more , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise for her , he was busy all the time and did not show off all week as usual . That made Sinha worried and she suspected that Michael did not love her any more and had met another girl , and she became extremely sad , and it got even worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to give her the surprise but he did not answer his phone after that .
When he came she started crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything . She started to cry louder and accused him of cheating . That made Michael astonished at how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him , and he told her that he could not stand that anymore , he would break up with her , and he left . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
There 's no question which is my favourite restaurant in town : The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class , to have our last farewell dinner there .
Our class has changed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming . We have always been welcoming , and not least towards the new ones .
It 's not necessary to be nice and kind to everyone , but our class actually is . At the weekends , the whole class gather together at different events .
What I just said is what the restaurant , Seaside , means to me . Welcoming .
It all started at the Parson Institute in the art history class . Students of the race of Fine Arts . In the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , assigned a task to his students , saying :
After 4 days , they all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , apart from one student . Her name was Sandra . She arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , on which she had only written a name in a different style of letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , and went out of the room , closing the door , and Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .
This sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about leaving this sport , because lately , I hate blood , so I think a lot about leaving this sport , but it is dominated to me .
It makes me like an animal when i 'm standing and getting ready to fight . I 'm converted into the enemy . I 'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tries to stop me .
Everyday I get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seek to put all my efforts into being the best in the world . Finally I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
I am from Spain , so my native language is Spanish .
I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
I have to say that studying another language gives you more opportunities , because these days you need to know other languages to find a job and be more intelligent than your colleagues to get the work and that 's great .
And today it is necessary , because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversations with them , you need to know more than your native language , because in the rest of the world , and particularly in Europe , people know more than two languages and that 's great .
I think learning another language never has drawbacks , because all you learn is good for you and your brain . You never stop learning new things .
However , I do not agree with them , because in most parts of the world mass transport systems are still popular and they are environmentally friendly and cost - efficient .
It carries more people , while a private vehicle carries fewer people .
Finally , public transport is cost - efficient .
Human beings have destroyed our environment over time , and now the earth is in danger .
I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash , throwing it away in different bags .
If a war or other danger threatens the safety of a country they can not get help from other countries immediately .
Consequently , people could be more independent and strong . They seem to become mature earlier than other people who do not do military service .
Dear
This is Danbi from ueecx13 .
I was in a museum in New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I heared the museum alarm . Everyone was afraid , including me .
I search for any clues and I found something . It was a piece of paper with an address on it .
I decided to wait and hide in the bushes if I saw someone entering .
In the night , I saw a shadow entering the house .
We were at the terminal of New York . It was a very famous landmark .
They threatened all the people cruelly , so all the sightseers were angry with them .
However , the layout of the terminal was unknown to me , so I was completely lost .
We got on a train . The ceiling was comfortable but everyone was complaining about the two men .
When we arrived , we were on the other side of the city of New York . The features were so common because it was a good economic and conveniently because it would attract more tourists .
I finally trapped them . Their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker . I told the police and the police put them in jail .
After the bus arrived , he got on and half an hour later he arrived at the destination .
After waiting for an hour , the time came and , bravely , with a high confidence level , he walked into the office .
Suddenly , his water floaded and tears dropped from his eyes .
Peter , without hesitating , hugged the interviewer , who was a man about 40 years old .
The man , who was crying together with him , was his father who had left Peter and his mom because they had divorced 6 years ago .
Kill two birds with one stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation , because he got his beloved father back and can still pursue his dream of studying in Ireland .
I want the job at the summer camp . I will look after children between 8 - 12 years old . I will help to organise sports and evening activities and , if you want , I could work in the kitchen .
People complain about how the information in different TV shows does n't contribute to the process of learning . That 's why many of these programmes are considered trash , because of the multiple shows such as reality shows , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that have appeared recently . This type of program is one where the information is often gossip about the personal lives of famous singers and actors without taking into account whether they are true or not .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you go to and from a specific place , but on a bus , you go to the bus stop and not to your house or school , work ...
It is better for the people to be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government who pay . This money bacame do to make more work for others .
Not everything is good . Some people haven't got money and ca n't go to another place and the pollution is increasing . It is a serious problem and the solution is only for rich people . The solution is buying an electric car . The other solution , more economical , is for the government to give money to the people to buy an electric car .
I do n't know what is better ; no public transport , or public transport .
There is no future for public transport , since everybody prefers to use their own car .
Public transport is always crowded , so it is not comfortable to travel on .
In the end , only one person could be alive , even though those sacrificed tried to escape this horrible result .
I can not find a word to describe this film easily . What can I say is you will regret it if you miss this film .
The first reason is that all the actors show their talent in this film directly and the audience can follow their steps and the story certainly . This essential element also gives great success to the film .
Besides , the attractive storyline has a lot of climax , so that everyone can watch this film from the beginning to the end and this creates the billion box office to this film .
However , I think the props should be improved , such as the killer 's knife and the actors ' costumes . The knife looks as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are second - hand clothes . I think this is a pity in this movie .
My wife 's name is Maritza . She is 30 years old . She is a beautiful and joyful woman . My son 's name is Rafi . He is 3 years old . He is a very handsome and fun child .
My wife likes to go out when she is free . She likes to visit touristic places .
My son likes playing sports . He is very little but he plays football . He is a very active child .
I 'm studying medicine . This major is very challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there is a lot of information .
This major involves everything . We always have to consider all the possibilities to complete homework , you have to know the maximum possible information to be able to complete it .
When you get the answer or solution , you can see that all the effort was worthwhile .
I like travelling with my family and friends . I like travelling because I can get to know new people , places and cultures .
I love my cousin 's house , so I always visit him .
The names of my best friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela . We are strange friends . We are in 6º together and that 's when we became friends .
I have two pets ; a dog and a bird .
Also , last summer I went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
Now our company is going to do multidimensional operations , not just focus on furniture , but also on home appliances .
In addition , we will adjust the company 's management structure in each department depending on the market 's reaction and the environment .
We have sold our products to the KA system for a few years . However , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods . It means cheat and we have no entry obstacles for other suppliers .
We will research the market demand based on our core products , and produce high - quality products .
Also , for our wire racks , plastic
London is a good example , and Barcelona , too .
We have different cultures here , and two main languages ; Arabic and Amazigh .
Morocco is a kingdom , like Spain and England . We have a king and princes .
On Monday , me and my friend Chrissy went to Big Ben .
After we came back , I told my family everything .
Firstly , hybrid cars are only allowed to be used during weekends . As a result of this , most people do not use their cars all week .
In addition to that , recyclable waste is sold and the money is given to the relevant person .
Football is a famous sport . You can watch it on TV or you can see it live . There are a lot of level categories , the most famous category is the first .
People that play in this category are famous although you can see them on TV . If you want to be a big football player , you must practise more time and your life should be healthy .
How are you ? I am fine .
I am very sad to hear you say that you are going to leave our school soon . I really do n't want you to leave this school !
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world ! Many of our classmates really like you too ! We know that you are going to teach at Discovery - bay primary school . My English results are better since you taught me . I really love you , Ms Cumings ! Your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you both . I hope you that you will come back sometimes !
The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an English seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 . They are , respectively , an ice - cream van and an indoor public swimming pool .
When she looked at him from under her long eyelashes , he turned away and stared at the landscape outside .
Nowadays , we constantly use means of transport to go everywhere so that our lifestyle .
We are used to travelling by car , and , in fact , every family has one .
Certainly , cities will be crowded in the future because the population is always increasing .
Using your own car to go to the city centre could be a nightmare . It would be a stressful waste of time .
Finally , governments and society are concerned about the environment and I think that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emissions .
In my opinion , public transport will not disappear , even if cars are much more comfortable , faster and more evolved than now .
Life is divided up in terms of time . We live through time , we grow with time
till Now , we talk in time and , finally , we perish after time .
Once a moment is lost , it is lost for ever .
It can never be regained . Even the most powerful monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
In my town , there are a lot of old people , and there are not many children , because they live in other cities .
I love my town because , when I was a small girl , I went there , and I was with my grandparents , my cousins and my friends .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed . Factors for consideration include the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
It is an Egyptian movie starring Khalen Aboelnaga and some young actors . The action of this film takes place in Alexandria , a city in Egypt , and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they do n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution . I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they do n't find time for other activities , and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love .
In the big cities , they have begun to build green buildings , they use electric public transport in order not to pollute .
In my opinion , there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect them , we will not help our habitat .
The most exciting day of my life was May 9th last year , when I attended secondary school .
After six hours , we had lunch in a fast food restaurant in France .
Next , we visited a famous aquarium where I saw a lot of fish .
The day after , we went to a perfumery and I bought a present for my mum .
In the end , my friends and I jumped into the sea .
That is funny , but makes me nervous .
When the children go out , it becomes sad .
I was seventeen years old when I decided to accept this job .
This experience helped me a lot because I became much more responsible , not only with those boys , but also with my brothers and sister ( I have two brothers and one sister ) and I learned the meaning of working and earning money .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried her best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
First of all , let me introduce my town . I live in Kabul , the capital of Afghanistan .
This town is located in the central zone of Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) surface area , and has more than seven million inhabitants . The economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have a direct effect on how we care for the environment .
Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains and has a mountainous climate . This town has approximately 15 mm of rain per year . The remarkable agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect on Kabul 's environment and produces fresh air for the citizens of the town .
Actually , there are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sport for me is football .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I studied in an English school and have been learning English since I was a child . My teachers were all native speakers and I always practised my English with them .
Later , I studied to be an English teacher at the university of Extremadura .
I organized activities like sports , visits to cities , festivals , etc .
I love being with them ; they help me to do my work , they teach me to be a better person . I have more patience now and I know how to be happy .
Then , it can be played indoors , and it can be played in the sun .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you . Apart from being good for your health , it can also be a lot
It seems to me a complete sport , because you can play it in pairs or in an individual way .
Because if you are trying to win , you will lose the most important thing : discovering how wonderful playing a sport can be .
Nowadays , young people are influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different color clothes . They do n't want to wear our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They only like to wear shirts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television .
Two years ago , when I was still in school .
But I could n't go with them at the time . I was sick a lot .
One day , my friend invited me to karate .
It was strange , because I never went to sports .
After After one month , my instructor told me that I would enter the competition .
Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami . When I left I had a special feeling ; many people were looking and clapping .
It took 3 minutes . I won with three accounts too .
This time I felt like a Champion . It was a really special feeling .
My most exciting day was June 8th 2014 ; an international competition in Belgium .
The day before , there were the qualifiers , which I passed .
The day of the finals , I was so nervous , but determined .
In the end , I placed 7th for both beam and floor , and after we took the photos , I went back to the changing room .
I was really surprised and happy . I would never have thought that could happen !
Bake them for 15 minutes .
I need the services for a year , so can you provide those services ?
As the technological world is moving fast , the automobile industry is also coming up with new types of cars & scooters that work in very economical way .
Which was a time - consuming and obviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to another .
Since the world of today is a time - saving world , people do n't care about their pocket .
Public transport is a very useful resource . You can travel without polluting the atmosphere and it is very cheap .
It would be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and for countries as well , because we will save a lot of money .
Some people think that this is possible , but I disagree because it confuses roles in the family .
The parents have to give education to the children and , obviously , love .
In conclusion , I think that the two relationships are different .
On public transport , you do n't have your own seat , so sometimes you travel standing up , which is not very comfortable , and in winter you do n't have air conditioning , so if it 's cold outside , it 's cold inside too . Sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit the illness to you .
On the other hand , public transport does n't pollute , but the car pollutes , so , for us , travelling by car is better than travelling by public transport , but for the atmosphere , it is better to travel by public transport than to travel by car .
The walls are green and blue . On the green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos belonging to my brother .
There is a bedside table between two beds . On this there are the alarm clock and the books that we are reading .
There are two wardrobes ; one for me and one for my brother .
There is a stereo system on the bench and arranged around the room there are a lot of puppets .
Near my bedroom , there is a little room . In that room there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and a globe .
I like English very much . I like learning new languages and things .
What makes me like learning new languages is how it helps me communicate with others easily . I also like traveling so much , as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions . However , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend on whatever I like .
My dream for when I grow up is that I will travel a lot around the world , marry a romantic , funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
But , these days , people think differently , and are starting to help the world and .
In the past , people bought things , and they did n't care how dangerous they were for the planet .
For example , the way of preparing food can be dangerous because a lot food has artificial things that are not good for us .
Technology is advancing very fast , in the best way . This is good for us because we will do a lot of things .
Maybe , in 2060 , we will be able to go to the moon very easily , like going to Europe .
In conclusion , I think that we are on track for the next years .
Compared with the past , people are more aware and are worried about the world .
As a result of that , we will have a better life , more healthy and clean in the coming years .
Firstly , private transport provides a comfortable way to travel from one place to another without sharing with strange people and , by using this kind of transport , is also convenient because you are free to choose the time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting time waiting for a specific time to move or even waste time waiting for a public transportation vehicle to reach all the points it has to go to , but on the other hand , when you have your own transport or private transport , you get the right to choose the time of your trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays , we can not afford to waste our time taking public transport .
Finally , public transport involves more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , trains ) fares are increasing every year , and we do not face this problem with private transport .
This graph shows people from India , Pakistan and the West Indies who entered the UK from 1940 to 1970 .
People from India and Pakistan coming to the UK significantly increased by around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
Also , you can see how they prepare your food in front of you .
That makes anybody feel a new level of pleasure in the same process that everybody repeats everyday , eating .
Before that day , I was frustrated , so it brings happiness to my mind .
In fact , I fell in love with her at first sight .
There was no other option for me . I just wanted her . During the exam , I was thinking the whole time about how to communicate with her .
When the examination was over , again , I started to talk with her , asking her her exam was .
She told me not good at all , but mine was good and she also added that I might get the chance , and finally I got it .
Three days later , our results were published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
I thought if both of us got the chance , then it would be very good .
But , alas , my dream did n't come true .
When I was returning from Syleth , I called the girl and talked to her and told her that I had got chance at university , but the girl said that she knew .
The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food in the city . I recommend you to come to a Spanish wedding .
I think that 's all . I hope that it will be helpful .
Hello , I 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old . I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) . I am very hardworking in high school and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .
I am very tall ( 1,71 m ) , my face is normal , I have brown eyes and black hair , and my nose and mouth are normal .
I 'm really into Ps3 , especially Fifa 15 , and a fan of riding a bike , but I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends . Sometimes I like playing on my Ipad .
In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games , and I spend some money on my bike .
I really want to meet boys and girls from different countries of the world . I 'm really interested in practicing English and I want to learn Chinese and Russian . I 'm really interested in learning languages .
Now it is the holidays and we need or we want to visit places around the country .
Well , I will explain in this article about one museum that is considered " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
In 1810 , there was a war for independence in Mexico and many people fought with other people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is considered " The father of independence " and he fought with the Spanish monarchy .
You should knew that the price to visit the museum is very cheap : $ 15.00 for an hour . If you want to spend more time , the price increases by $ 10.00 .
Finally , you can enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other cities or other countries .
When I am on the court , my opponents fear my service and I am very at my position to cover the entire court .
Coming to the infrastructure of badminton , it is all about the cock and the racquets .
The court holds 2 players or 4 players , depending on the court .
Each team has 1 or 2 players ,
If the cock touches that net , it counts as a point to the other team , who can receive from the cock .
But in my city there is no snow .
Everything seemed so fine , and nothing was wrong , anyway .
He loves music so much that he turned down other courses , just concentrating on music .
He thought that he had done the right thing , then went back home .
I think , I can agree with the opinion that shopping is not always enjoyable .
In my opinion , it is dependent on what we buy and with whom we go shopping .
Why do we use public transport ? Some of us use it to save money by not buying gas or because they ca n't buy a car or if they have problems with their cars or they are n't in the mood to drive .
Nowadays , with technology , we have different ways to get around , like hoverboards , skateboards , and maybe it means there is no future for public transport .
Another point is that we have our own cars and it 's more comfortable . I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .
I do n't have to be late because of the delays . I can do anything in my own car . I can put music on , I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
I do n't really have an opinion , I just do n't know . We will have to wait and find out .
In my opinion , it has to be like brushing our teeth .
My hygiene is running , or the more familiar word is jogging .
So to finish the competition with pleasure , I needed to work out a plan , which was a day - by - day diary of our jogging distance , time , and mood during our workout .
First of all , it is absolutely minimal . You just need boots for running !
Shoes are to protect and prevent your health . You have got only one pair of feet , look after them .
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
I would like to explain about my favourite sport , cricket .
I like cricket very much because playing cricket brings immense pleasure .
Playing cricket also gives physical exercise to our body . we can bowl , bat , field in cricket , which requires a lot of physical activity .
I can give advice to people who are interested in playing cricket . They must know all the rules of cricket before playing it .
But I know that a lot of young people play tennis . I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years ' time , then you wo n't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
In 2 hours , Mary 's plane was leaving and he had to go to the airport to stop her from going to Scotland .
He went to the garage and got on on his motorbike .
If you are going to begin playing football , you need football boots . You also need protection for the legs .
If you are starting this sport , you need to think it 's fun to play it .
If you do n't think it is a fun sport , you should not do it .
You should not play the sport just because your friends are doing it . Do it because you like to play .
Also , I have done a climbing course and I have practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
Usually I was a volunteer , but I was also part of a few European Projects where I was paid for my work .
As a person , I 'm friendly and I like to do my job .
Hi Alex , I ca n't wait to see you
I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know , I never learnt how to ride a bike .
But we could also try the climbing , but it would be better if we could climb outside , in the countryside .
But , if we are not too tired at the time , we could go out .
I would really like it if my parents could bring me to your house on Friday evening , but I think that we have a party that night .
Citizens want , at the same time , efficient and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation costs .
Hi Isabel .
If people travelled more often on public transport , we would n't pollute so much .
I think that public transport is the future , because many countries will have to ban entrance to their towns for private cars to stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere , in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
So I do not agree with this affirmation . In my opinion , travelling by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than using public transport .
Maybe he is sorry she thought , but why if she is perfect , she is everything that a man could want . So what was happening .
He seems different . She never imagined that Jason could be like that . She imagined someone brave and strong , and she never foresaw something like this . But she felt something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again , but more serious and with his normal face - It 's because , well it , was my first kiss OK ! ? I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snakes and everything that you can imagine .
Almost at the same time , they kissed .
-Hey , do n't run Snow .
- But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) , it is very late . I 'm gon na die .
- Prince Jason is here .
- The prince of Blue City . He is very handsome , and his family has military studies , so he is the second most perfect guy in the world .
But there were a lot of beautiful dresses in high - tech closets with lights .
-These dresses are made of textile fiber . Almost everything here is synthetic and wearable for everyone - explained Snow .
- But are you sure ?
-Yes , just wait . In a fraction of a second , you will be ready .
As we know , public transportation is not a direct way to get to all our destinations and it forces us to stop at many stops first . Moreover we have to take another one to reach our destination , so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Secondly , public transportation is usually very crowded and makes us not feel safe , since there is an opportunity for us to be robbed .
Then , by car , we can enjoy the scenery , share a laugh , change our destination all of a sudden and many more .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one . That makes the number of cars grow rapidly , but they do not think about the negative side effects that a car has .
Firstly , it leads to global warming , since the concentration of pollution is higher in many countries , and actually it is not only leading to but also making global warming faster and can also threaten our health .
While in the statement it says that public transportation will be abandoned by many people , in my opinion , the opposite is true - that public transportation is our future .
It can be proved now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher . Besides , it is not as costly as using a car , and the quality of public transportation has improved , so citizens have no worries about using it .
Firstly , I agree about learning different concepts , because you can analyse different opinions .
But you need to understand the main idea .
In other words , some professors , when teaching different topics , explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
Anyway , if you read different books , you can understand better .
So , if you need techniques for learning , you need to analyse and create your own words , this way you will never forget this definition .
Hi , my name is Leon Johnson . I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
One of the best places I have ever visited is Leksand , in Dalarna .
( It is my country place . ) I like it because it is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .
My favourite subjects at school are mathematics , geography , and , of course , English .
The decor is not too modern , but not too classic . It has a comfortable atmosphere .
On the days that we have to do sports , if the weather is good , we do it outside , but if the weather is bad , we have to do them in the gym .
On those days , there are a lot of people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
Apart from this problem , we have another problem that is important too .
For me , the solutions to these problems are easy .
With the first problem , you should organise the timetable in order to have one class at a time .
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics in the first quarter of the year were 500 and they increased to 620 in the second quarter . In the third quarter , sales stayed at 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 . As you can see , sales were very unstable .
It 's my pleasure to join you here . My major is actually not relevant to Social Sciences . I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .
I think it will be helpful to me taking this lesson at the beginning of the semester . I believe I can learn a lot from the professor and you guys .
In addition , my major is English , so teachers teach and explain in English , and I could n't keep up with lessons well at first .
I was very unsure of myself and I could n't make friends well , so I think that it was too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
I always try to find out reasons , which takes a lot of time .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills , such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking . They help me to keep up with my teacher ' s lessons .
Secondly , studying at university , I have to live a long way from home , which makes me homesick , sad , and worried . I have to live in a dormitory with many strange people . They 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes . I have to spend a lot of time finishing everything before I start studying .
Sometimes , I nearly ran out of money and I was really worried , so I have to spend money sensibly .
Living alone , I have to save money , because there are many situations which I have to deal with without family , and you can become a good person with many good characteristics , such as confidence , independence , friendliness .
Because my family always did everything for me when I lived with them , it 's very difficult to be independent .
Living alone , you have to make friends when you 're sad .
Jogging : the sport in nature
While I am jogging , I can think about all the daily things in my life .
When I am in a bad mood , I go jogging outside and hear the birds singing .
For me , jogging is very stressless .
On another day , I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging , but a little bit slower .
Suddenly , Agatha sees , through the windows , a 30-year - old man . He 's tall and is wearing 19th century clothes . He is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
Irritated , John understands Agatha 's difficulties and , before going away , he calls Agatha without Michael to tell her another important thing .
While Michael goes out , a red light appears in John 's eyes .
Then we saw an eagle flying in the sky .
My name is Monika and I 'm 21 years old .
The car is very easy .
A long time ago , in a small village in Spain , the story I 'm going to tell you happened .
He tried to switch it on again and again , but the machine did n't work .
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " You can also do so " . Today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for children 's birthdays , and Sofia will tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
hello John good days and what we need to make this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and the flavoring for the cake that we want , such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit .
While I was ringing the bell , the neighbour 's dog started to bark .
When Michael saw me , he opened the door , but straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake .
I am an architect . I have 5 years of professional experience .
As you know , doing sports gives us many benefits . You can join a club and have more friends .
Moreover , if you have good ability , you can compete in a competition to try your best . I am a member of a Badminton club in the city . If you 're interested in badminton , come and enjoy yourself .
In addition , regarding clothes , young people wear a dress , skirt or jeans .
We did n't have a speedometer , blinkers and lights ; it was a very dangerous situation .
For this reason , we did n't use a motorway .
Traditional clothes : that kind of clothing can be expensive , but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on those clothes and you will have great fun although those clothes went out of style many years ago .
My town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment . They provide us with good buses , which are friends to the environment , and offer the tickets for these buses at a cheap price . They also try to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by recycling . Also , people try all the time to find the best way to keep our village clean ; they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens . They also take care of the fuel in their cars to not be bad for the environment . So , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment alongside the government .
Secondly , loneliness can be a big problem when a person leaves their own country , going away from family members and close friends .
Thirdly , students may not be accustomed to western eating habits , like burgers , pizza and bread . Because of the unfamiliar environment , students may lack a sense of security .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which are held by students of the same nationality , so that they may not feel lonely . At the same time , they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australian culture , in order to fit in quickly .
For instance , we could go swimming at the beach .
In addition , we could play outdoor games and they could do landscape painting .
About working in the kitchen . It is n't a problem for me because I love cooking .
I enjoy cooking , so I always make different kinds of food .
If you have more questions about me , I 'd be glad to answer them .
I 'm a hard - working person , so that 's why I never have time to relax .
As children love playing , I think that I am a suitable person to do this because I am like a little girl .
Also , I have good social skills and can speak two languages ; English and Spanish .
In my country , we follow cricket like a religion .
This game is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket , and Twenty - Twenty .
But as this takes 5 days , many people do n't have time to watch this game and its losing its popularity with the younger generation .
My favourite sport is football . I think this game is the most enjoyable .
Also ,
We have many stamina foods . I think dog meat is a better stamina food than another meats .
So , tell me as soon as possible about your country 's special eating customs and manners , and stamina food as well .
I like it very much . It is very useful for me .
I tried it last weekend and I will use it every day ! if I used it every day , I would improve in a short time !
To my mind , our lives have been improved in these years by smartphones , satnav , digital TV , the Internet ..
First of all , in the next 50 years people 's lives wo n't resemble at all this .
As far as I 'm concerned , we will be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft . In addition , globalization will destroy the cultural traditions of each country .
On the one hand , I 'm for progress . On the other hand , I hope that the new will not destroy the old .
Often , evolution is a return to origins , but I hope that man in the coming years will not forget the past .
Apart from that , I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that take me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robots instead of waiters in a restaurant .
To conclude , I ca n't think what wonderful things man will do , but I hope they make the world even better !
and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful , but I 'm also professional , so I know how to take care of children .
I am an experienced cook , so I can also cook for the children . I am also a good singer , so we can sing songs together with the children .
The environment is becoming a more and more burning issue , , especially from many years to nowadays .
However , we can already fight this - waiting for the development of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . For example , taking advantage of public transport .
When you have the skill to read a book and , in that moment , you are searching for a good job , you can find a lot of jobs because you can develop easily when you compare yourself with another person who has been searching for a job too
Everything is delicious and very tasty , especially the pizzas : they dress them in many different ways . I try a different meal every time I go there .
She finally felt that she was wanted , that she could do anything she wanted , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
The thoughts which people put in her mind were completely wrong . She ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , brought her to the point that they made her hate herself .
The words they said to her were deadly ones , they colored her life black . till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do it like them all as she just hated the way
That 's it , not because of being non - clever .
That was me . I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't a big deal to me . I hated being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that . I knew that I was clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks , but they all did n't get that . They judged me for my marks , but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks are n't the only way that makes you great now or in the future .
Whatever . In high school , the senior year here in our country identifies your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working for its knowledge , so I got that I should do my best this year so my future would be better . And it happened . I showed them all that I can do whatever I want , even if the things I was n't like they see me , and that all my previous marks were n't my best . I got a high score and entered The faculty of Engineering , which was the top college .
People 's thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite . Just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but yours , as you have control of your life not anyone else .
Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up , and continue in a successful life . Fight .
I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty - four years old .
I read this announcement today .
Apart from us . there is also a large amount of wildlife .
However , we forget the one important thing : the earth belongs to all life .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER . HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY OTHER BROTHERS . HE WAS BORN IN 1970 . MY PARENTS TELL ME HE WAS A GOOD BOY WHEN HE WAS A CHILD .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM IS BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUDY MEDICINE IN RUSSIA . HE LIVED THERE FOR 7 YEARS .
NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL . HE HAS A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY .
For example , lots of bicycles .
I would really enjoy doing this job in the summer , because I love to look after children , teach them things and do sport with them .
Since I was 13 , I 've been teaching children from 8 - 9 years old how to play hockey and I am still doing and enjoying this .
He wants to fix the problem , but his father says to him ,
" If you have a great time with your family and co - workers , it is not necessary to time travel .
Just enjoy your life day by day , and be thankful for an ordinary day . "
I watched this movie several times after I arrived in the UK .
I 'm sure you would like this movie .
Students have to study two parts , which are the engineering part and the military part .
Today , on the roads there are a lot of cars , buses , motorcycles , and other kinds of transportation .
I know a good restaurant . Its name is " Moonlight " . It is located in Abbas elakad St.
It is large , clean and comfortable and has air conditioning and internet wifi .
It offers many kinds of delicious foods , like meat , chicken , seafood , and if you want something different , you will find it there . It is suitable for my class because it is different from any other restaurant .
It is also important because , during the Civil War , General Franco lived there for a week .
If you want , you can visit it .
Nowadays , the Palace has a very good restaurant with a comfortable patio where you can taste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .
Every morning , a special truck cleans the roads and pavements .
Their screen has colours and HD .
The car is a more comfortable mode of transport than public transport , but it is not sustainable , its cost is higher , and if all people travel by car , the cities will be very polluted .
Another mode of transport that could be commonly used in the future is the bike . This mode of transport is cheap and ecological . Also , more and more the cities are building a lot of bike lanes , so it is a good alternative .
Finally , I think that the most used mode of transport in the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike , and for travelling between cities , the car will remain the most used .
Dear James ,
It is not only convenient , but also time - saving .
I am really very interested in the job on your summer camp . I have worked for seven months in Spain in a similar job .
I can speak several languages , like Spanish , English and Russian .
Nowadays , I play football twice a week , on Monday and Friday , because for me it has remained a hobby .
I like to play football because , for me , as well as a hobby , it is a way to stand back from the world , from the problems that I have to face every day , and at the end , it makes me calm and happy .
The most historical place is the Pyramids . They were built more than 7000 years ago .
Also , taking some pictures will be a great idea .
The pyramids are famous because of the way they were built . It was a great job by the Egyptians .
First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen to parents . For example , they do homework , go to sleep at regular hours and come back home after school .
This is a time when parents can create behaviour of their children , because when they grow up , they begin to rebel and do things which are good in their opinion .
It is a time when children must choose which people are good or bad , and which way they will go in a difficult situation . For example , will they drink alcohol or will they have fun without any stimulants ?
This week was a little bit difficult because it was the beginning of classes . I got up early to be on time for my classes and to start with all the enthusiasm in the new semester .
Thus , the classes have just begun with new teachers and others who have already taught me .
So , every day I am kept awake .
My dad told me to do my best and if this semester goes well for me , my dad will give me a tablet , because I really need one .
However , on Saturday I went to English class in the evening .
Scientists try to make people 's lives easier , but that 's harmful for people 's health because that makes people not move and get more fat .
Tourists will travel to other planets . People will live on the moon and under the seas or oceans .
Working as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything , it is like a challenge , although you can do different things . You can be on duty in your house and deal with your boss by cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if your children bother you .
I do n't know my name . I do n't know my age . All I know is that I want to be a great woman . I want the world to hear my voice , to prove that I can do it . I can do anything . I am not weak . I have woman power .
Michael went into the teacher 's office , but he found that his teacher was n't there . Maybe the teacher had gone to the bathroom . Suddenly , the door was opened by a teacher , a teacher who was wearing a bikini came into sight . This incident came as quite a surprise to Michael . She flirted with Michael . Michael felt excited but ran out of the office , but he regretted his action . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Once upon a time , a young boy called Michael was walking beside a beautiful lake .
When he looked into the water , he found a little ill frog .
It was a hot , sunny day . Peter decided to go to the waterfront promenade and have a walk .
He shouted out for help , but no one was around .
The person I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player who , in my opinion , is the best of all time .
He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teams , like Barcelona and AC Milan .
The skills he has are wonderful . He knows everything about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with his back !
This book got me interested and I began reading more and more . The more I read , the more I loved it . At this time nothing mattered to me . I wanted to finish the book as soon as possible . I do not know the end , but I wanted the end of the book to be amazing , but at the same time , I did not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
In the end , a lady interrupted me and I was angry about the situation .
That was the reason I did not finish the book .
Nowadays our world is fighting every day against different problems . One day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmospheric conditions , or many other problems .
In my opinion , everyone 's life will see a great improvement , from the economic point of view , but also from the social and cultural one .
To sum up , I think that we should expect a great future in which man will regain possession of his whole capability and , thanks to that , he will change everyone 's lives for the better .
Ivan is from Machachi . He is not studying anything but I am sure that he is a great person .
Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park . It is a wonderful beach , the sand is very white .
I understand what you mean , because cars are so convenient , as you said .
Car companies try to spread electric cars , but it seems to take a long time .
Unfortunatelly , in a horrible night , the couple 's house is invaded by a Satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
Idon't know the end of the story , but I do n't think that it is a happy one ...
Nowadays , we can see that , increasingly , public transport needs to improve the quality of its services . People need this kind of transport daily to go to work , go to school and in general depend so much on public transport .
The government can improve public transport by making a great investment like changing the old vehicles for new and increasing the number of buses , trains and building more bus stops and trains stations . This kind of action will help a lot to improve the quality of public transport for the population and will make the life of the people easier .
Today , many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality of services , and because the bus and the trains are full and many times are also dirty and late .
However , if this situation does not change and if our government do not take providence about this important issue , it will be the end of transport public and it will be more convenient to use a car .
The first problem is that we do n't have enough apparatus for all of the students .
The second problem is about that some apparatus are not working well because the school hasn't done maintenance a since long time ago .
For the first problem , in my opinion , the school should buy some other apparatus , because there are not enough for all of the students ,
For the second problem , the solution , for me , is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the school 's machines .
I hope my proposal will be useful to you .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which is published by the WATC ; the " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have a collaboration with Environment and Development , a magazine which is published by the Center for development work " Maan " , and other websites and news and media organizations .
The world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind . As a consequence , it caused global warming , which is the most important global problem . It does n't matter to more than three quarters of the world 's population .
Currently , we have got more than six different types of banks on our streets , but as far as I know , it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because , nowadays , we produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we only learn about this in our home , in our childhood . Accordingly , I am one of the few teenagers in the world worried about it , so I really do help the environment as far as I can .
First of all , at home we recycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank , I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
In spite of throwing rubbish in a bin , we also do some harm to the environment unknowingly .
I think that public transport has a future . Indeed , travelling in a car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
But there 's a thing . No one has enough money to buy a car or maybe two . That 's why there are a lot of people who prefer public transport .
I think that there is n't a future for public transport because , nowadays , people usually use their own private car .
This has some advantages , such as it being more comfortable and faster .
When you travel by bus , you must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .
Sometimes , private transport is cheaper if you go with other people .
For example , when you go by car you can go with other people , so you pay less money for petrol .
On the other hand , private transport is damaging for the planet and we must take care of the planet . We can help to prevent the pollution of the environment if we take public transport , which does n't pollute .
In conclusion , using public transport causes less damage to the environment and most people prefer .
I want to describe a famous actor from my country . He is Sergey Bezrukov .
Some of them I saw when I was a young girl .
He has very important skills for an actor . These are charisma and charm .
I think he deserves to be famous because he is a very talented person .
It is not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses , cars etc .
The insurance for non - accidental death is known as general insurance and for life is known as life insurance .
The government should play a key role by providing trustworthy organizations , surveyors , loss assessors etc .
Second , soccer is a very interesting game , because when I play soccer I feel very happy .
Moreover , soccer helps the human body to be very healthy , because when someone plays soccer , his body becomes strong .
I would like to say to anyone who wants to play soccer to be very careful when he plays it , because it can cause a lot of injuries . But at the same time , it is a very nice game .
Recently , I read four great books about Shoah . They were very interesting . My favourite was : " The Book Thief " . I read it for school , but I had already seen the film of this book .
It 's a very moving book , but it is n't difficult . I think it 's for teenagers , but it is also good for adults .
I love the fact that in this book there are a lot of German words , so I could also improve my German ( I go to a languages high school ) .
Nowadays , he treats me as botheration .
Actually , I did n't have enough courage to say no to my father .
Those are the most dangerous roads in the country . If there is an alternate way , I always use that .
If I were in a better position , it could not happen to me .
Hence , I 'm waiting for a good time .
That day I spent most of my time with Noman with his over - talking habit .
When he talks he makes many mistakes because of his over - talking habit .
I fell asleep as soon as we crossed Jhitka bazar and when I woke up , we had crossed Tora Bridge .
When we talked to our seniors , I think I had to control myself though they talked about unreal things .
At the same time , they also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in their time .
By car , you can go wherever you want on time , with no need to wait for hours at the stations for a bus or subway train .
You can have some other choices , for example , you can stop to buy something : water , juice or a snack if you get hungry during your journey or thirsty .
You wo n't suffer anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bus most of the time , like no room for you to sit , bad smells people can make , or getting bothering or bushing .
But , on the other hand , because , recently , the traffic has been terrifically unbearable : so many cars ; very noisy ; unclean air produced , public transport has become better for saving the planet .
All over the world , people always need advice to keep looking after their environments . First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean . Second , they should run awareness campaigns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helps workers to recycle it easily . Finally , to stay healthy , we need a healthy environment .
We spent a lot of time together every day ; we visited some fantastic cities in Greece , like Santorini , Athens and many others .
In Italy we also visited Bari and Venice , too .
Watching the film , we had the possibility to see the characteristics of Boccaccio 's main characters and the different places where the stories took place .
In my opinion , the film was very well made : the registers of the film ( there are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : love in every situation .
There are some issues that make me worried . The environment is getting worse . We have to come up with methods to solve this and save our Earth .
Televison not only provides entertainment , it will also give lots of information about the events around the globe .
Few programmes some intellectual programs will increase the creativity of the people .
When Michael woke up that morning he smelled a strange smell in the air . He did not know what what the source of that strange smell was but , in his nose , he received a kind of sign something bad had happened .
With a great effort , he sat down on the grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chest , sitting there with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . When he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend was there dying on the floor . Michael remembered everything : the fight , the lies , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My view is that public transport is good because it has prevented pollution , which is good for the public .
If they planned to travel by public transport , people would walk to the bus stop and get off the bus and walk for necessary thing .
So my opinion is good for both parties .
This week , I went to the country . It was great fun because we went to the cinema and we ate in a lot of different restaurants .
Bye , I have to go .
I am writing to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the world ;
Basketball is a complete sport ; aerobic and anaerobic .
It 's a team sport . The team is made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .
Some people say that basketball is only for tall guys ,
but it is n't true . In the A league in Italy , we have various players who are not very tall ,
like 1 meter 60 . So if you love this game you can play it no matter what .
If you want to start this sport , find a friend that can teach you the basic movements and how to pass and shoot ,
If you train and you have willpower , nothing can stop you .
Nowadays , basketball is spreading around the world .
But now , what can I do ? I still love him . My love has become even stronger .
Last week , from September 11 to September 21 , we had a mini - vacation .
On Sunday , my family and I went to Causeway Amador , then to Albrook Mall .
From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired from the exam , so I spent all day lying on the sofa doing nothing apart from watching the TV and chatting with my friends .
Besides , I needed to take care of my little sister Ellie , who is very cute and funny and , right now , she is always trying to get up and stand and walk .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV , and suddenly , my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to do my Paris puzzle with my sister , which had been less than half done for about one year , but it had too much color in the sky , so I did n't finished it a year ago .
While doing the puzzle , I decided to count how many pieces were left . After counting them , I realized that five pieces were missing .
I was so angry , because I was finishing the puzzle and five pieces were missing . So I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find them .
On Saturday , I finished my puzzle but with five pieces missing . But I was happy too .
Also , my uncle , aunt , grandfather and cousins went with us .
I was hoping that my father could teach me to drive the car , but it was not possible because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me to drive .
Mini vacations can be fun , but sometimes boring , because you haven't planned anything for the vacation .
I always choose my clothes because only I know my favourite clothes and , when I was a child , my toys .
Now I wear different colours . For example , black , blue , grey and others .
Maybe they will change .
Vesuvius - this is the volcano 's name - covered it with a lot of ash so that walls , houses , food , clothes , bodies of citizens were preserved as they were .
In my opinion , no one should come to Italy without visiting Pompei .
People who live there know the convenient public transport system called MRT ; it 's fast , cheaper and you do n't have to find a parking space .
After that , Steve becomes an America captain to protect the world again .
I wake up at 5 o'clock in the morning .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lungs perceive and breathe all the smells of the flowers , and the land . First , I walk slowly , and then I begin to walk as fast as possible to improve my fitness and I end up walking 5 turns around the park .
I feel that he is near to me , that he listens to every word that I pray .
The graph below gives information about seasonal sales of ice - cream in different places : in an ice - cream van and an indoor swimming pool from Jan to Dec .
But I think that public transport is the future . We need to preserve the environment , this is an imperative for our world , and the solution is to take the point that the governments invest more in public transport , so people do n't need to get a car to be able to have a job and do n't need it for the normal development of their lives .
Also , we have to promote people getting jobs close to their accommodation or getting accommodation close to their jobs , because we have too much pollution . And we could reward companies that hire staff close to the place of work , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , and we could reward people that change their accommodation to live near to their job or for going there by bicycle .
In March , we set forward our watches an hour .
As soon as I have sat all my exams , I will travel .
However , I am stopped by recent tragic developments in foreign countries .
I think it 's better and safer to go to the Black Sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
It 's possible I will join them , because I have never been to Sochi and everyone should visit this wonderful city once in their life .
They 're more for self - defense , but what I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .
I suppose I would have to say that , in Japan , Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
I have to start saying that I never imagined swimming as my favorite sport , because until my back injury , I did other sports . I mostly like extreme sports like downhill skiing , skateboarding , martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but because of my injury I had to start swimming and now I love it .
If you want to start swimming , I think you should look for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you need one , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not in practice and know your swimming style is not the best , I recommend professional assistance .
More time that you do n't have that assistance , it is going to be more difficult to improve your style and enjoy swimming more , because if you really know how to swim you will have more resistance in the water .
I think that may be the reason she had Sleep Paralysis last night .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' , which means being pressed by a ' Ka - wee ' , or ghost .
She was not even able to lift a single finger tip , as if she had been turned into a stone statue .
Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her , standing just beside the bed .
Even worse , two of them started whispering in her ears , die … die .. .
Commonly , the dreamers say that they :
- feel drowning down when they are about to fall asleep ( so they know it will happen ) .
I have many difficulties with programming , but I think that if I work hard I can overcome my difficulties .
In the last few days , I and my group did some experiments for our project .
I think that you can to come to my country if you want , because I will help you .
Also , Madrid is a nice city . You can to find everything that you need .
In Madrid there are some jobs , too , and you will be near me .
If you do n't like Spanish food , you can go to a restaurant with food from another country , but I know you love it .
On the other hand , people are friendly , as you know , because you know some Spanish people .
You must come , because I think that you would love my country and I can always help you .
As he was going down the stairs from the fourth floor , his neighbour Mary stopped him .
The widow woman , who was very nice , gave a present to Peter .
Mary smiled to Peter and said : " You are welcome . Now , you have to enjoy your family .
It not only offers a high salary , but also , the employees there are kind .
There , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world , which will make you freshen up .
Last week , his mother told him that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .
He already knew that he was late , but he could not go now , so he decided to deceive his mother .
But he did not realise something . His little brother was watching him through the window .
After that , Peter did not hang out for three months , so he could learn his lesson . You must not lie to or deceive your mother .
I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life , because not all people have the possibility to buy a car , and because public transport is less expensive than a car . So for that reason , public transport in the future could exist , because public transport is a necessity all over the world , not only because of money , but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
What did you learn about debates ?
He uses a rule for debates : proposition + result = positive or negative ( Why ? )
Great debaters have to believe in their idea .
A debate is combat .
After an hour , the dog was vaccinated and taken home , but his mother needed a bottle of milk .
Unfortunately , Anne , his sister , had just taken the bike , so he was forced to walk to the nearest supermarket .
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter had a bit of luck . In fact , his father , Jack , had just come back from work , so he could go to get the milk and giving him a lift .
Second ,
Why " du " ? Yeah ...
My favourite sport is football . It is a complete sport ; there are aggression , mentality and fun .
My favourite football club is Napoli . It is the heart club . For this team , I feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .
You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaction . However , it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work .
That work looks depressing , demanding and stressful , but it is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you will never be bored .
Here are some tips about the Egyptian people .
They are so kind , friendly , and stressed because they have a lot of problems nowadays . The level of poverty , the standard of living , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
So , if you want to work in Egypt , you must have complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , allowances , work environment , position title , company type , policy , mission , vision )
There are many countries where people have to do military service when they reach 18 , such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
Also , there are different types of training during military service . People generally do a lot of training in obedience or how to use weapons .
Thus , there is a source of agreement and another source of disagreement , which is freedom of choice and mental maturity .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience , especially young people ; they are likely to become more independent people .
However , the effects may be different , depending on the duration .
I really like antiques , even though there is not much to look at .
In my country , you can make a lot of effort to take care of the environment , but the bad attitude of our people is a big problem .
Nowadays , we grow up with the possibility of choosing a lot of sports .
My main reason for loving it is how you feel when you play a match and , in the end , your team win .
Adolescence has always been the hardest part in anybody 's whole life .
Turning , in a fleeting glimpse , into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances .
At this point , you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing you could turn the clock back , but it 's all no good .
Then you find yourself standing ahead clouds of reality , which sucks .
life is stages ; this stage of your life is timeless , no way out .
At some point , you wish it was all an illusion . You need a time machine that makes it possible to go back in time to when you could see the purity of life ..
However , here you are completely different , made of life lessons , preferring to keep a stiff upper lip , cowering in your own reality .
These days , television allows us to see events all around the world .
Now that is an interesting question . We can watch anything from news to Catfish the TV show . In the name of entertainment , we are actually learning .
Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn . Others may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning , e.g. we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert aired on TV .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come across otherwise . For example , I have been able to learn that the new BMW seven series , has ambient lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving .
So , have you ever asked yourself whether television entertains , but can also educate ?
Blues , Rock ' n ' Roll , and folk music were the basis of the new music .
The circuit is characterised by long straights and chicanes , which makes it possible to achieve high speeds .
In my opinion , driving at high speed on the long straight could cause overheating of the cars ' engines and they can blow up .
Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered on those which have an apex maturity of science .
Addiction to authoritative nature over other leads to the huge production of war weapons , converting the blessing nature of science into critics .
There is no definition of happiness in scientism or how could it get through the scientific user manual ?
Very often , it has been criticized for changing indigenous cultures through so - called luxurious development that is contradictory to religious faith .
Science is concerned only with information about the world , whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusions without considering morality .
My country is pretty clean compared to the cities and countries that I know . Although there are a few pieces of paper or plastic on the streets , residents have a great respect for nature .
Three times a week , garbage trucks come to empty them , and once a week a garbage collector comes to clean up the streets .
Travelling using any form of transport has become one of our needs . In the past , people used to spend hours waiting for public transport . Now , we can afford any of those modern cars at the dealership .
The future of public transport is fading away . You might ask why .
The main problem is bad service . For example , the drivers are not careful enough when driving , and that might be unsafe for passengers .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children to do physical activity . That is the first step to doing exercise , then competing in sports will encourage competitors to make an extra effort .
In the future , adults that are able to obtain more achievements and be more responsible , and you can have a good social life if you compete in or do sports .
Although our town is quite small , there are a wide variety of shops , such as clothes shops , sports shops , toy shops or book shops .
Even though the shops are not large , there are remarkable goods . For example , nice running shoes or valuable books .
All in all , the shops have a variety of goods which could attract many tourists .
Today , this holiday is celebrated around the world and you can have fun with a party or dress up in a costume .
Last is the key step ; inspection .
Hi my name is Chai . I 'm from Thailand . I am trying to write an article to improve my writing skills and hope this program can help me .
My favorite way to travel is by plane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate waiting . In my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quickly , you do n't want to take a long time . And the plane is the best way of travelling in the world and is safer than other ways . You can see on the pollution of people who have had an accident , how often an accident happens by plane , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
First of all , Television has less viewers nowadays .
Also , there were a lot of different channels that we chose from .
As I remember , there were educational channels like Discovery and National Geographic .
Some people may think that only these kinds of channel can provide educational knowledge , and some people do n't consider watching these channels as entertainment .
All kinds of shows can give you all kinds of different knowledge , even when you watch movies .
But , of course , there will be some channels that are not suitable for children under 18 or are just for adults .
Yes , of course , but only when you look at it as a way you want to learn something .
My studies at the Tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score worldwide , but also has so many good things . For example , we have a lot of exchanges all around the world . When you have the opportunity to do an exchange , you have to deal with the language and the culture of the other country . That means you have to be responsible for studying the basic things about that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
When I was fourteen years old , I won a championship because , in that period , I swam as a competitive athlete .
Nowadays , I 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thank them .
Also , we have recycling bins for paper and glass .
We do everything to make our town more green . Our citizens always have new ideas that make a difference to our daily lives .
On the one hand , I ca n't imagine that a little notice on the food can force people to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
One night , Paxton was speaking with them about the crown that had spoken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and said to him to about the family Agers who protected the crown .
One day in the morning , Paxton was waiting for Long and the writer , but he heard that someone was calling him . Suddenly , he goes to the beach and is killed by the shadow .
As we 've seen , these days , the number of cars is increasing so much every year .
We should use the less car . It is very polluting .
I will start with old vehicles . If we do n't do any maintenance , this type will be damaged and we will lose it .
But in some countries , you can use the underground ( metro ) . It is more advanced than old types , like bus or taxi . The underground is faster and cleaner and .
About pollution . It is a big issue in public transport . time if you try to fix the engines of public transport , that will be expensive , because with time the lifetime of this engine will come to an end .
He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job . He looked at all the advertisements but he never found the one he needed .
He could not be at home all day doing nothing , so he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .
When he was a kid , he wanted to work in a video games shop , so luckily for him there was a job available at the Play Station store .
Of course , he did not think twice and went to print out his CV because the interview was that day . Then he took a shower and dressed for the occasion .
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just picked up his mobile , keys and money , but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting his CV .
He is tall and smart . He looks like a movie star .
Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me . I do n't know how she managed it , but she hurt me .
My cousins are very reliable , like my grandmother and my parents .
My city is Jaén . It 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important crossroads between the south and the center of Spain .
In the reconquest age the stronghold never fell to a direct assault . Finally the Castellan 's army , after a long siege , forced the government to surrender it .
Then , in the 18th century , the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of the Spanish war of independence .
Finally , it is the safest way to travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling , any other kinds of danger in the sea .
One of the most important experiences , I think , was coming to study in Tijuana .
Before I came here , I was so dependent on my parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .
When I was 4 years , old I went to live in Ensenada because my father worked there .
From when I was born to when I was 18 years old , I was living with them , but now I live in a small apartment .
I am studying Nutrition at the University . That is why I am living in Tijuana .
I used to live in assistent house . It was the first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I moved to an apartment with two friends .
Every weekend , I used to go to Ensenada to visit my family , my boyfriend and my friends .
I do not regret what I did , because I am doing what I like .
All people in the world have friends . I 'm not an exception .
When I was 10 years old , I met my best friend .
When we were 12 , we played in the garden with balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years old , everything changed . We did n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
For this reason , I think that friendship is such an important thing in life .
I think the opposite . I believe that public transportation has a really huge future .
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing . There are also a lot of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster .
In our opinion , globalization is a good thing that is happening to us , allowing us to interact with the whole world , so we can get to know cultures , monuments , etc .
It brings us a lot of opportunities to change and , in some cases , to get a better life in other countries and find a job with the highest salary .
In the morning , I walked around the cinema and the most important place in my country and I talked about the films that people could watch .
I cried a lot in this film , but it was very important to me because I love Disney films .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called Go Green Vancouver that will protect the environment by separating the rubbish by containers . At the same time , there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provide 3 containers for each house ; one for paper one for bottles , and the last one for rubbish materials .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for speaking English . If you know grammar , you only know certain rules for writing , but I think that speaking is more important than writing , because when you go to any place in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you . In this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you wo n't understand anything . But here is another topic . Whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to understand what the person is trying to say .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that , unlike in the past , it is not necessary to buy envelopes and stamps to send a letter .
In some cases , you could have an accident , but that 's not likely .
In my opinion , every family must have good communication , because I think communication is one of the most important things in our life .
If we want to have a good life , we must have good communication in our families .
Nowadays , the option of broadening the mind while traveling is very common .
I think that it is not the only way , but it is the best way .
Apart from that , you see new places and you have fun . You also learn about other cultures , historical facts , you also learn to respect other people and their customs .
In addition , you do n't think about your problems and the only thing that you do is have fun and do what you want to do .
Besides , you see new worlds and their ways of life and that helps to open your mind , to see the world in another way .
In conclusion , I think that it is the best way to open your mind . Not the only way , but yes , the best way .
Many countries have truly started to be concerned about the environment and worried about globe warming . In schools , teachers are doing their best to educate children in how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy . Also , they teach them in how to plant trees in the public gardens of their towns .
Although the government strict so many laws and taxes on the people who do not pay their taxes to the council for removal of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world , people have started to use bicycles and cycle instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city . Also , they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
Apparently , it is going to cause more pollution and more global warming issues .
However , using cars makes life easier , but when everyone or every house owns at least three cars , it is too much .
Although traffic jams , accidents etc .. .
In my opinion , every country should have different kinds of public transport ;
For instance , San Francisco is a great example of an incredible city . The variety of choices of public transport is remarkable .
In spite of the cost of these facilities , it is going to be expensive , but it is necessary .
In conclusion , governments should work on that , because people need public transport and the world for the environment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a car .
I hope to see it around the world . Public transport is something we can not do without or replace with another thing .
First of all , nowadays , wherever we go we can find Italian restaurants easily .
On the other hand , it could be complicated , but nobody complains .
If you are a person who loves fashion , you will enjoy going there .
So if you want to visit any country , I 'm going to recommend Italy .
But this is not the end of our trip . We went on a voyage on a Royal Caribean cruise ship , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .
During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas and CoCo kay , which is a private island belonging to the cruise . We went to the beach and played so many games .
My grandpa lives in Spain with my stepgrandma , but she is like my grandma .
Why are there so many cool men in this world ?
Kevin Heart is in a difficult situation because he is nothing at all what this man expects him to be , but he plays the role anyway .
The movie is already a success , opening at the box office with a $ 36 million endorsement .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited about seeing this movie and , even if you 're not , the movie is a must - see .
I am used to children . I have two sisters who are 9 and 11 years old and I take care of them all the time .
I am not used to cooking for this number of people , but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be a great help to you this summer .
I think in the future it wo n't be necessary to use public transport . And why ?
This affirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car . It is more practical and faster .
In my opinion , the price of a ticket on the bus is expensive .
If we have a car , I believe we do n't spend much money .
It 's just my opinion , because this is my life , so I know what I am talking about .
I 'm from Italy . I live in Varese , a beautiful town not far from Milan in Lombardia .
He is proud ; it 's not a good way to be .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza , which could not attract customers to walk into them , and they will have to be renovated .
But when comparing my family with my father 's family ,
I do n't feel that , because he has five sisters and three brothers .
When my sisters are married they have one or two children at most . I think the Egyptian family has become smaller with the passage of time .
Firstly , cocaine damages your senses and your mind . If you take cocaine , you wo n't sleep that day .
Finally , the consequence of cocaine is death . If you inhale cocaine all the time or a lot , you will die prematurely .
But if you want , I see some work in special Feel free to show me via note or mention ^^
The main one is that nowadays people are incredibly busy with their day to day life , so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time waiting for regular transport . Also , public transport causes lots of pollution which is harmful for human beings .
For example , lunchtime travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emissions of carbon mon oxide , which affects red blood cells and irritates the respiratory system . As a result , they prefer private transport systems to prevent such hazards .
Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because , if not , we will have legal problems .
Also , if it is the case , I would like to arrange a meeting to give you all the documents you need .
For next time , we would like to invite you to our woodhouse .
However , compared to the line for the indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of the ice - cream van is considerably larger .
Overall , the achievement of the ice - cream van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .
One day many years ago in some place that a do n't remember the name of , I woke up one morning earlier than usual , then I went to the kitchen and shouted the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagined was that they had gone to town . Quickly , I went out to find them ...
But there was no one , absolutely no one . I was scared , I yelled and screamed , looked and looked , but I had no success .
Suddenly I felt a warm hand touch my shoulder and very slowly turned , but the only thing I saw was a shadow that was holding a knife .
I woke up and realised it had all been a bad dream .
Recently , when I was on YouTube , I saw a movie trailer . The film looked so good , and days later , my friends asked me if I wanted to go with them to the cinema , so I decided to go and , luckily , they had decided to see the film that I had seen days before .
The film is a romantic movie . It is about a man , Noa , who lives in a small seaside town , who falls in love with a rich girl . But like always , the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life , because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not good enough for their daughter .
And at the end of the summer , the girl leaves , but next year she comes again . But this time , she has a boyfriend and this breaks Noa 's heart .
First of all , I should say that I like a lot of different kinds of sports .
Nowadays , trains and buses are usually packed and the ticket fares are very expensive .
Sincerely yours ,
I enjoy this game because the most important thing is team work . You have to understand each other .
He is really tall , he is 202 centimeters .
I ca n't give you much advice , but one thing I know , team work is the most important thing in this game .
If you want to work here , you must know languages , for example , English , French or German .
I wish you lots of luck here .
Television plays an essential part in our life ; we turn it on nearly every day , since it can make life more interesting .
For another , there are many different types of programs which can broaden our views ; they give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk shows and so on .
To sum up , television entertains ; it can also educate .
It has all kinds of food , even really fancy food .
You can enjoy having your breakfast there with your family , because they have so many types of food .
This restaurant also has games for children , which they can spend their time playing with .
It 's a very nice restaurant which I like the most .
These days , houses are very different , but in the future houses will be
The last film I saw was " The Enormous Island " , so I am going to review it for the students film club .
The film tells us the story of Monica ( Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine life on " Cretacro " , an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean . The problems start when Monica falls in love with Martin .
Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax , but he changed when he met Monica in the main restaurant .
Often , I like to read biographies , history books and novels , and I really like Jane Austen 's books .
I have all her collected works at home and I enjoy a lot having a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children 's books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals ; with Peter and all of them .
At home I have lots of books here and in my country , but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look in charity shops and at boot sales , because I can find lots of nice books and pay a very good price for them .
When I need a book for my English classes , I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
A few months ago , I read Les Miserables , by Victor Hugo . I read this book when I was in high school , but I did n't think about the subject .
But now I really enjoyed it , and my best friend bought me a ticket to a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing . For s couple of hours , I did n't move . It was a brilliant present .
This Saturday , I started a new book by Francine River , the book is called The Warrior . I haven't finished the first chapter , but I find the book very good .
Nowadays , there are many modes of public transportation , such as underground , buses , etc . , but it is a reality that people prefer to travel by car .
Currently , traveling by car is more useful than public transport ; you can move around the city and reduce the time it takes . Sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of travelling is cheaper .
Moreover , we still have a lot of things which we can and must improve , like security , comfort and economic resources .
Maybe we will invent flying cars or electric bikes .
According to Wordsworth , a poet is not an ordinary man , he has a greater sensitivity and knowledge .
As you see , there are a lot of opportunities for tourists to spend their money in my city .
Hello , I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoys nature , travelling around the world , and having a lot of friends .
I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , and tell stories , because I like to talk to people , and I like kids .
My town makes great efforts to take care of the environment . They have put many bins in the streets to keep it clean and they prevent private transport on many days to keep the air clean . They plant trees to absorb co2 and release oxygen , they build factories away from the houses of citizens to prevent the respiratory diseases which are a result of air pollution from factories . So , not only my country itself but also individuals follow a proper procedure to keep the environment clean .
At first , the police detectives thought one of the special gangs had stolen the painting .
3 months ago , he wanted 1 million dollars for the painting , but the Norwegian government said no .
I can provide extraordinary service with a smile , even if I was in an unexpected situation .
Wasting time is a huge issue in our lives . A lot of knowledge is related to time , such as history , education and health .
We discuss a special topic about ‽time . This famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword ; if you do not cut it , it will cut you " .
Actually , in my life , I consider it as the king of my system , who controls the whole of my day .
However , we should have a balance between both types .
She wasted it . She can not get it back .
I did not care about time . I used to say , this is my life and my time .
When I asked him to take me someplace , I can not count how many times I stayed at home because I was late .
Also , I always work with children and I have a teaching qualification . I'm a friendly person and I have a good CV .
I think that this job is for the children 's enjoyment , so I 'm the right person because I like playing with them .
There are mainly 4 steps : design , preparation , printing and inspecting .
Then , in the preparation process , skilled machinists prepare metal plates for printing .
Finally , inspectors at the bank manually check all printing sheets and divide them into three categories : " bad sheets " are sent for disposal , where things are securely destroyed ; " Good quality sheets " will go for packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
However , sheets that are " partially damaged " will be inspected again and separated into good and bad sheets and sent for further actions .
My favourite sport is football . I like it so much . It means a lot to me . It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
I think that , on balance , it is more important to try to get satisfaction .
We work eight hours a day , so if we submerge in a bloody pond for a long time , we could definitely make ourselves frustrated .
They also have a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents accompany their grandchildren and a red deck painted with some dolls that say ,
When you have the desire to do something , something you always dreamt of achieving , something touches you inside not only when you do it , but also when you think about it .
You should calm down and get away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you a great man , and then you will find your passion .
In the future , everything could change .
Probably , houses will be smaller or bigger .
However , urban flooding keeps raging , even when the amount of green infrastructure fulfils the stormwater - control needs in some areas .
Most girls do n't like this . I think that it brings us energy , we need to do exercise , have a reasonable diet ... and so on .
Our mistakes make us better than before . If in life we did n't make any mistakes , we would n't succeed . That 's why mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistakes improve us .
When I lived for more than 12 years in the countryside , I was dependent on buses and trains .
In the morning , I needed to get to school and , in the evenings , public transport helped me to get home .
For instance , when I was three years old , I used to be captivated by all the toys which were presented in TV commercials just because of the way they were presented .
One of them was " the ultimate max steel " , which was about a hundred dollars .
One example is what happened to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child , called Sophia .
One day , Sophia got really excited about an advertisement for a barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
I think it 's a great job for me .
Also , I can work long hours .
So I think , it 's no problem for me to stay and work the whole day .
There I saw how a venture like this works and you wo n't have to show me the whole job again .
By the way , I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and will come punctually every time .
I am used to dealing with people and their orders to eat , and also , I am used to working long hours as I am studying while I am trying to get a job .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because there are not any dirty streets in it .
The people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy methods . The citizens collect the rubbish and throw it in big boxes far away from the city .
If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend " Nemo " . It 's the most beautiful Disney movie .
The story is about a couple of clownfish who are attacked by a shark . Only the dad and one baby egg survived .
Nemo 's father knew a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him . They cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist 's house .
When I was young , I tried Badminton , Squash and Teakwondo .
I do n't do sport now .
However , sometimes we need to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .
As you know , I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I had to decide which of those activities is more important , then I would choose sport .
For example , if you are active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .
In conclusion , I think you should give up your music classes .
Nowadays , cars are more affordable than ever .
Bearing in mind that society is also changing , people will tend to choose a place of work which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .
When study hard at high school , you will be
People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food . Instead they are very interested in earning money .
With no physical exercise & healthy food , people are damaging their health and family relations .
Now Nowadays , nobody has enough time to spend with family . Instead , they prefer to make more money by working extra hours .
If people live the same way as now , in the future , people will be considered as working robots instead of human beings .
For several reasons , I really liked to play basketball . First , playing basketball can train your muscles and make the body healthier . Second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game from basketball because basketball is a team sport .
I 'm a very happy person and very interested in cooking and all things about the kitchen . It 's cool . My dream job is cook .
Can we really confirm that there is no future for public transport ? If so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and going to the office , the city , or home and so on using private transport . However we should also think that in the centre there is no parking for cars or there is not enough for all private cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , simply because we are able to save money and time .
I'm watch them playing . They 're really very good , but when they play other schools , they 're very bad .
But today , things are changing and technology plays a significant role in our lives . The automobile industry increased its vertical and having a car has become a necessity rather than a luxury .
I believe that as soon as the automobile industry develops new technology in cars , people will be more keen to use their own vehicle instead of public transport .
As far as I know , how to better understanding between parent and child .
According to the present situation , it is a pity that their relative influence happiness family .
On the one hand , we could take a communication forum . It could share everyone 's thoughts .
Football is a simple sport where the players must kick the ball into the opponents ' goal . In this sport , you principally improve the leg muscles , but all your body moves .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) , computers can not replace humans , because they do n't have a brain and ca n't feel anything .
2005 was a low , but it grew again .
In 1998 , you are able to see that it decreased slightly .
" The Exorcist " is one of the most exciting and astonishing thrillers that I have seen in my life .
One thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal . I mean that you can watch it in any decade of your life , and it always seems like a contemporary film .
First and foremost , it can cause contamination of the environment , which can affect our health .
At Easter time , the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition . In contrast , the pagan spring festival does n't focus on consecration but rather on celebration .
My town takes care of the environment , because the people of my town try to plant as many trees and plants as they can .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or anywhere that is too polluted , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels . In the morning , a lot of people go on foot to work or to school , or ride a bike , or they take the bus .
People try to move local factories out of the country , where there is less air pollution , less smoke , fewer cars and more forests and plants .
Travelling by car is convenient , but for most people , public transport is very important and much needed .
Not all people can afford to make journeys by car . A car is easy and cozy also , but public transport is fair and is very affordable for all classes of people .
The coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier , for which the output is a black rampant bear holding in its left arm , on the left shoulder a golden ax , under two silver starlets .
I like to drive my moped , because I love speed , and it 's fun to go out and drive with your friends to a beach or maybe a BBQ party .
I drive a Zündapp KS50 . It is an old moped from 1975 .
My name is Mustafa . I am 23 years old and I am a Student in collage . I have been looking for a job but I have n't found a job
I hope that my country becomes a great country and better , and I hope to get married to someone who I love .
Recently , Scotland really has ' Hit the world ' because some of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .
- It goes without saying that cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement , although I do abhor using public transport .
As a grown - up now , I know full well how much more affordable public transport is , albeit less than before .
He likes going out with friends and going to parties . Richard has got a tortoise called " Peny " .
I 'm so happy with these holidays . I hope I meet good people and visit beautiful places .
My favourite sport is soccer , because it is the most popular sport in the world .
After school , my friends and I go to a park to play soccer . We play for two hours .
When they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drink easily . She started feeling much better so they persuaded her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda at their house so she could get some rest and so she could eat more chicken soup , because they wanted Fernanda to feel better .
Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda , crying , called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know how soon they 'd returned to their house .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived home at 11:00pm . It was dark and they would n't be able to see Fernanda . An that time the lights were turned off , and they tried to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexing problem . So her mom told her that they came out of the park at 9:00pm . It was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because the police thought that she had a globe of wine , and her mother told the police that she did n't have alcohol or wine in her car , and the police did n't believe her and they took them to the police station so they could check her car , and after about 10 minutes , they told her that she did n't have anything . So they went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
I am originally from Ukraine and lived from 2009 till last year in Germany , and Juan is from Colombia , and has been in Switzerland for 3 years .
We 're looking for a nice new home , and so , we are very interested in keeping your place tidy and taking care of it as if it were our own .
If you 'd like , we could get references from our previous landlords .
If I told you to choose between travelling in a car or by bus , which one would you pick ?
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? that 's because of people changing their minds . They started to like having their own way of travelling . Privacy is also an important reason . People need to have a private means of transportation .
That 's why there is no future for public transport .
I know I have to learn , but to start learning is n't easy .
I do n't want to study , but there is no way out .
My favourite sport is football . The main reason why I like it is because , when I was younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every day .
My favourite team in Spain is Real Madrid ; the best team .
If I were a football player , I would like to play in this team , but I think that it is very difficult , because only the best players get to do it .
Nowadays , I like to do other sports : tennis , basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
Finally , I recommend this sport for children in order to have a healthy life , get together with their friends , and forget for alcohol and drugs for a while .
I am here to write a composition about public transportation in Somalia , especially the capital city , Mogadishu , where there is little public transport compared to our neighboring countries . There is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model , which is the van , and very distracted roads , which may cause collateral damage .
Sometimes , passengers and drivers face risks and road blocks , which usually happen when the Somali government leaders are travelling across the city and even abroad .
So , having a good infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
Hello friends , welcome to Puerto . Here we have a lot of shops .
If you want , you can buy a lot of things there .
As for public transport , you can save fuel as well as reduce pollution , but it takes more time to reach the destination ,
while if you have your own conveyance , you can save time and , moreover , it is safe .
The most important thing is , there would be heavy traffic on the roads and the traffic would move very slowly .
But keeping in view of the environment , we should choose to use public transport .
My name is Andreas Costa Souza . I am a student of Digital Media at Technologic of Monterrey .
I have experience working with children . My experience is from two years in summer camps around the world .
The last film I saw was not new , in fact it was " The Others " .
" The Others " is a film that is about a family that lives in a house and in this house many strange things happen .
The principal character is Grace , who is the mother of her two children , Nicholas and Anne .
In the film , there were servants . They were Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stay in that house , but they are not alone . They are with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
The problem is that the mother started to hear many weird noises and her sons were not making them , so who was responsible ?
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one day , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there . So she starts getting more and more nervous . She goes and talks to the servants , and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys .
Of course I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting and in some parts it is funny too , and Nicole is the principal character , so I love it !
I do not agree with what journalists do , because , to me , if I were a movie star , a famous man who had done many performances , I would not like to be pursued by journalists every hour of the day .
In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because of journalists , paparazzi , they can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do , and you can not because of journalists .
Sometimes they abuse the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions , with no response , or have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .
And finally , I would like to say yes , I am against these people , or they might still change their style and everything would be OK !
He has short , light - brown hair and dark eyes . He has a light beard .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy , about 175 cm , and his weight is 71 kg and he has a white skin . He loves going to the beach and he loves swimming . He wears casual clothes , such as shirts and jeans , which are mostly blue , gray and black . If you see him , you notice how elegant he is .
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He loves his job as he is patient when doing his job . he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laugh .
When you start talking with him , you will be inspired by his knowledge and his way of talking . He has the talent to convince
My parents are on patins . My eldest sister is 37 years old . She is married and she has 2 children , Zyad and Yassin . Her name is Eman .
My second oldest sister is 34 years old . She is single and she works as a customer service agent . Her name is Shymaa .
My youngest sister is 29 years old . She is married and she has 2 children , Jana and Salah . Her name is Asmaa .
I have a little toddler with whom I love to share my feelings . He always gives me a nice hug after I return from the office .
But a lot of people say that a zoo can protect endangered species from illegal poachers .
In my opinion , people should build some kinds of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
My town is called Assuit . The People here have no knowledge of how to deal with their rubbish . people throw their rubbish everywhere . On the other hand , we haven't any kind of law that can limit that action . I mean rubbish throwing .
So , if we still do n't do anything new , our country will still be unattractive .
Because if everyone uses his / her car , pollution will increase and that will eventually affect every living being .
There we can eat many types of dishes , but the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .
As you enter the place , you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of the restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see the quality of the food .
Clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is ready . While clients are waiting , they always give them bread and wine .
The price of the food is expensive , but nothing pays a good meal .
At the end of the meal , you have to sign a book to recall in the future .
I have good abilities , such as , organizing activities and helping the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
For career has 80% ; under 26 years old students selected it . For the over 49 years olds , only 20% of people selected it ; but if you compare this with interest , it is totally different ; under 26 years old have only 10% ; but over 49 years olds have 70% .
The other chart is about employer support . Under 26 years old is the highest because it is almost 70% , the second highest is aged 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% ; the lowerst is 35% and the age of the group is 30 - 39 years old .
In Stockholm you can do whatever you want . There are places for everyone to enjoy .
If you like night life , you can go to some bars and night clubs that are open till morning .
But there are two places that I meant at the beginning . They are a big zoo called Kolmorden and the biggest aquapark in Scandinavia , which is called Rusha .
Do you know I came back from Budapest ?
She is Azucena , and nowadays , she lives in Toulouse .
My husband and me often go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .
It is an old city with red buildings .
Toulouse buildings are built with bricks . Red bricks .
Hello Alison ,
How are you doing ?
We have customs , such as siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermínes in Pamplona .
Please drop me a line as soon as you can .
So , I think my favorite sport is going walking in the countryside .
I love it when the temperature is a little bit cold , but not too much .
I can relax when I walk alone and hear the sounds of the birds in the trees .
We all agree on that . Eating food is one of the best moments in our day , it 's like the world stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
Michael decided to open the door and go back to her . He thought better the things he did not want to leave her again . He liked her . He knows himself and he wants to know her . He has kept all his feelings hidden for a long time .
The reason is , three days ago , he had been working when a girl at his work asked him whether he had a girlfriend and he said " I had one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she just walked away without saying anything .
He remembered two years ago when he had been working and he decided to return home early . While he was on his way home , he saw his girlfriend with another guy . They were hugging .
He arrived home and he just thought and thought all night . It was the second time that she had been unfaithful . Since then , he has been alone .
This morning , he had not gone to work and he was sitting in a pub drinking beer , when a girl came to him . He knew her , she was Abigail .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered how he met her on the bus . Maybe she had always been the woman of his life . He looked at her eyes and smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to start to get to know her . But he decided to leave the pub . He walked to the exit .
Finally , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year , because Norovirus infected me ! At first , I had a high fever , but I thought if I took some medicine I would be fine .
I could n't eat anything , even on New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I could n't play poker with my cousins .
Though everything was depressing , I still had a wonderful winter vacation with my family . We went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族 ) to visit its blooming cherry blossom . ( I do n't know its variety ~ is it from Japan??XD ) The cherry blossom was very beautiful but there were so many people .
We will review their performance in 6 months and , accordingly , will decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .
Also , on the sofas there are many colorful cushions .
When I want to study for exams , I go to the living room and sit in front of the TV .
For this reason , I spend most of my time there .
People who need to go in the same direction meet each other and use only one car .
My country is a very interesting place . We have a lot of ancient and mystical places .
I think you could n't work in my country , because it 's illegal for foreigners .
After that , we went to our favorite art - cafe .
We like it because the cafe has a beautiful design and tasty food . After that , we went for a walk on embankment .
All the best ,
First of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . The entire course really benefited me , especially at the first meeting , about British English . I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , later I found the beauty of the language in British English . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very careful and very humorous . You 're always careful in pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , because we all learn American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to in be contact with British English , it 's full - of - tone cadence always feels particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so the British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance .
And the strengths and weaknesses of both segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit . When I hear sentences , I use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again . Therefore , I can easily interpret illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not notice this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird . This is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
I 'm not teaching English in my new school , but in the future , if there is the chance , I will definitely give it a try . especially in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , the biggest gain this course is to read picture books to read and record , because that and English proficiency is not just training , but will note that strengthen their pronunciation and intonation , and then each time peer feedback also completed the listening exercises .
What 's more , all the people , once a year , plant trees all over the village so that it is more beautiful .
On top of that , these machines only worked when you wrote an order to the computer .
Currently , in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size of the internal memory ( bigger than old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied , but smaller than the computers of the past ) and their shape , the weight of them ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
Finally , I can say that with the passage of time we change the way we see the world , evolution comes into play , not only of technology , but also of society , religion , etc . ,
In my opinion , being alone means that you have something to think about , for example , to think about our deeds .
In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots . Everyone deserves what they want .
There is heavy traffic and difficulty finding a parking space .
I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reducing pollution
Today I will talk about my summer camp job . People of all ages need to work in summer camps . My name is Patrick . I am 13 years old .
I would love to work in the summer camp to do exercise . Every shop in the USA should do the summer camp job . I am the right person to work there because I 'm very fit and I would love to work in the kitchen , because I am the right chef for the summer camp job .
I would be really very proud to work with you . You will see my wonderful lunch and dessert . Please give me this job .
In addition , the investigation can bring within company in
But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I could n't be so decadent forever . I wanted some change , hoping I would be better the next year .
Nowadays , young people 's health is n't as good as , for example , twenty years ago .
Currently we usually do less exercise than before , because we use our cars to go everywhere .
On the other hand , children are used to eating only what they want , because in general , they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruit , fish ...
They like eating junk food , hamburgers , French fries and sweets and , what 's more , they do n't do any exercise .
That 's the reason why we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables , and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to doing .
When I was born , my dad decided to quit his company to get more time for his family .
Today , private vehicles have become the pride of people 's lives , which means if a person is in their private vehicle , they look as though they have a higher status in society .
To tackle this problem , we have to carefully think about it .
Thank you very much .
For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made to it , which makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
We can not stop changing , but we can guide changes to provide special benefit which makes life easier and more comfortable .
I enjoy watching tennis on my couch . It is n't weird that I haven't played tennis , because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I can only watch on my TV .
But I hope one day to go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player , who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
The first time I watched him play eight years ago was the same year that I started watching tennis .
I like how the players move around the court and how the audience applauds them every time they win a point . Although I 'm not on the court , I can feel the feeling of the game . It 's really awesome .
Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
My advice would be that if you want to play tennis , you should just go ahead and play it , not wait till others do it , because you can do that too .
At the beginning , it could be a little hard , but that is the same with many other sports when you start , so just keep in mind that you could play tennis with the most talented players from all over the world .
Public transportation is excellent ; you save money , take care of the environment and make friends .
People are more likely to take care of the gardening or shopping than participate in the celebration of Good Friday , which makes the author connect Easter with a pagan spring festival .
She 's incredible ; she is like the sister I never had .
I could n't imagine a life without her . She 's the best person I ever met .
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of attractions scenery , such as the great beaches beside rows of trees , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore , taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
When receiving an alarm about the pollution of water or land ... by the town 's inhabitants , the authorities must reposibile for this cause .
If it is very cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is very hot , I wear shorts , sandals , a lighweight vest and sunglasses .
When I stay at home , I can wear pyjamas all day long ( for example , when I 'm sick ) . Also , there are days when I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .
For instance , Melbourn , the second city in Australia , where there are trams through the whole city area .
It was 11 pm and her boyfriend was n't in their house . She started getting confused and temerously .
After that answer , she was n't satisfied , so she decided to start calling all the hospitals in the area .
Alison felt desperate . She noticed that her husband 's car keys were in her house , so he was walking or someone had picked him up . She picked up the phone and she called all his group of friends . Nobody knew anything and now they were scared .
She was terrified . She started thinking about the possibility of death .
She got into her car and looked for her husband all over their small city , Pentonville . After half an hour , she saw him sleeping in a square .
Nowadays , there are many types of transport in the world : bus , taxi , train but train more conform then else . I always use the bus in the city .
On one hand , public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can move around the whole city .
But in fact , you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you are in a hurry .
In conclusion , public transport is very good and if it disappears it will be a big problem . It is true that sometimes you need private transport , but apart from that , public transport is used a lot by people of all ages .
If you choose me , I comitted with myself to comply with everything , working in a timely manner , because that is how I am .
First I would like to introduce myself . My name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I want to tell you why my favourite sport is football , which is a sport that I have practiced since I was six years old .
I must confess that , the first time , I did n't like it very much , because I was a bit shy and It took a lot of effort to integrate with the other players in the team . But with the passage of time , I liked it more and more .
I would like to advise children who are taking their first steps in this sport , that it is with perseverance and effort that you can achieve great treasures .
I also went to the mountains with my family .
Now , this year , I 'll do more exercise . I'll go with my family to the beach and swim in the sea .
I 'll eat better . I'll walk more . I'll do good things and speak more with my friends .
Have you heard about Islam ?
Can you ask yourself why we are here on earth . To entertain or for what ?
Be honest with yourself .
First , I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even say that this opinion is the opposite of the present and future situation .
In my opinion , people will travel by public transport more frequently , because this type of transport is less expensive , more reliable and even more environmentally friendly than travelling by car .
If this happens , people will be more social and empatic , not only about people 's emotions , but also about our environment , and they will treasure it .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution which leads to global warming , which has become a real threat to our lives day by day .
To illustrate this , when we use renewable energy , we reduce emissions , so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future and our children 's future .
For example , by using wind energy or solar energy for electricity generation , we will use less fuel , which is implicated in emissions .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that impose rules on people to reduce the use of things that cause a lot of pollution such as using big vehicles or building big facilities such as big factories .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . For instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same , that causes a lot of pollution . Because of that , we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
Because war destroys mankind and countries .
Many wars start because people do n't know or respect other beliefs very well . Thus , we need to learn about other people 's beliefs if we are to live with them .
For example , people should cooperate in intervening to bring peace to the world , to stop war in many areas like the United Nations is doing .
My most terrifying day was January 23rd last year .
After ten minutes , I asked the teacher to call my parents so I could go home .
At the hospital , the doctor put me on a drip and after some hours I felt better .
To solve this problem , Lima has been making long - term strategies .
We do not respect traffic rules and drive only with the intention of going as fast as possible to our destination . This often causes traffic accidents and congestion .
For this reason , people are becoming aware of the terrible problem and are learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
This is due to the fact that Lima , in the beginning , did not have a plan to design its public roads and highways , and it has only been improvising to build them without any criteria to transport its population .
Currently , this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions , such a metro .
I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that , in 20 years , will improve our reality .
Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and those cars produce a lot of fumes and the natural world is dying . If we do nothing , the natural world will disappear .
I used to use my car every day , but little by little , I started to take public transport so that I could save money .
Eventually , he saw the Kabaa .
One there , a man , raised his hands and called to God .
He had never seen anything so fantastic . But all too soon , it was time to leave .
It had been a fun day out , but unfortunately he had to be home in time for bed .
One of the most amazing things that will attract you , is that it has a safari , park which is the most enjoyable thing . At the same time , it introduces you to wildlife without your needing to go out of your city .
All the amenities that are necessary for your daily life , such as a fantastic school with perfect teachers and a modern building can be found here .
Transportation is not an issue , because it has got many bus lanes and bus stops .
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it because it is the best way to lose weight and improve your health ; better than medicine .
Not only are they well - known for their long tradition , but they are also famous for the hospitality of the inhabitants living here , which attracts domestic and foreign tourists who come here to see the famous sights as well as shop for souvenirs .
They offer a wide range of choices , from souvenir items such as pictures and jewellery to local specialities , at a reasonable price to suit the interests of different people .
It is conveniently situated in the town centre , which takes 5 minutes to walk to as the crow flies .
A lot of products , such as consumer electronics , foods , and souvenirs are sold here .
Compared with local shops , products ' prices in the shopping mall are considerably higher than those in local shops , but it offers a wider variety of products .
My name is Yusuf Hamid . I am 17 years old and I attend the state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine whether I can do my A -level at the college of further education in Bamberg , which is what I really want .
I usually play it with my partners and my friends , which makes the game even more fun .
So , normally , the use of a car is for pleasure .
From the point of view of the environment , this is a bad idea , because it uses a lot of gas per person .
Some countries have a good communications network and people use then mainly because public transport is cheaper than the car and quicker .
It is a problem of mentality . If we had been born into a society that used public transport , I think that would be better and we would use it normally .
In my own town , people do n't use public transport . Some months ago , the council set up a public bike service and , three months later , they had to close it .
My name is Afsaneh . I 'm from IRAN . I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about the Iranian celebration of new year .
It means Tuesday night of week and takes place on the last Tuesday night of the year . On this night , people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to the fire : I give you my sign of sickness ( yellow color ) and you give me your healthy sign ( red color ) and eat some special foods .
During the holiday , people go to see their family , friends and relatives for a type of short visit .
It means thirteenth day of spring . On this day , people go on a picnic and spend the day out of their homes in nature because they believe that the number thirteen brings bad luck for them .
Sometimes , some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can help you in biology . The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
Series can also help you to study . For me , it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch have helped me in school , such as Breaking Bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
In my opinion , television can entertain and it can educate people in different ways .
I worked as an assistant chef in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer . I worked in another restaurant in London , but I would like to look after children , because I have studied to be a teacher .
Also , I have worked in other summer camps , which are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
Also , for me , the salary is not a problem , because my motivation is to learn .
In the future , I really want my grandchildren to be happy . That is all I ask for . I may be young , but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years . I mean dreaming does not hurt .
I do not know how to answer this question honestly , but I guess I will never know .
However , I think it is very expensive , but with a decrease in the cost , there would be more people .
Nowadays , having a car is very expensive because you have to pay for a lot of things .
Personally , I use public transport more and I hardly ever use private transport .
I have a very tiring day when I go and go straight to bed .
Well , I think you have chosen the best idea , because there are
First , I believe you should travel from the north of Italy to the south , in
But that 's not all . Since you know two languages , maybe you could find
In a car , you do not have a timetable to consider , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still in snow , rain , cold .
Trips are longer on public transport than by car ,
Frankly , it seems that the town that I have been living in has not taken care of the environment .
In general , we do n't care about anything ; water , recyclable things , even our air conditioning .
Here in Brazil , it is very difficult care about it because it demands serious action and skills from our government , which unfortunately wo n't happen soon .
Although Brazil has gone through several changes in the last 40 years , the main one hasn't started yet , and I am talking about education .
And why am I talking about it ? I am talking about it because the foundation of environmental protection is our mindset . Just with knowledge and information , we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and instead we have the current result .
So , if we believe it is an important subject to care about , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
We can choose expensive things for the interior ,
We have to invest our love , dreams , patience , and as a result , we can create the best house ever .
So we have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place .
There is no easy way , but it is necessary to do it .
n the town , he tries to make people aware of the situation and they take care of the environment .
In my opinion , we should be conscientious and stop it . If we do n't stop it , after , it will be too late .
Another thing , in my home there are some rules : my brother and I tidy our room , we clean the bathroom after we use it , we ca n't eat on the sofa .. .
I always try to obey the rules , but I sometimes break them because I 'm lazy !
I do n't argue with only one member of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother about television channels , but we make up immediately .
With my parents , I argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak to them ..
My last argument with my family was yesterday .
First , you should know about the weather . We have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the Middle East .
Riyadh is the capital City . It 's in the center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
All the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as for the five prayer breaks , because we need to go to pray . For work , you need to know what the field you want to work in , is so I can help you to search for a good job matching your abilities .
After what I have told you about my country , I hope you like it .
My village has around 700 residents .
It has a lot of beautiful things , like an old church from the 15th Century . This church is in ruins , but the new church is also very beautiful and comfortable .
My village has a wall of stone . This wall was built by residents of the village in 1715 .
Another interesting place in my village is the square with its spring .
Also , there are the supermarket , bar and restaurants .
For many years , people have used public transport to go to work , to study , and to travel .
Also , for some people , it could be cheaper to travel by bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
We might think that there is no future for public transport , because most people use their own car .
Using your own car , you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what route you are going to use .
It 's more comfortable to go anywhere in your own car . The problem is the pollution that this life brings us , and also the parking problems .
In my opinion , the most important is thing enjoying your work because we spend an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we do . As a result , if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be hell .
The truth is , that the ideal would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and , of course , make a lot of money , like for example , Hollywood actors or football players . But that is almost impossible .
The Scorch Trials is one of the best films and thrillers that I have ever seen . It is so exciting to see all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be immune if some sick person bites them .
One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't want to go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides to go after them and he gives a great speech to all the people who go with them and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in the next film is whether Thomas is mad at Teresa ( I never liked her ) and if they get free and the world goes back to normal .
On the trip you can do many activities , like climbing , swimming , paddling , rafting and enjoying the place .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do babysitting , so the company of children does not frighten me .
When I was younger , I went to summer camp in France . Consequently , I know which activities I can propose to children .
Can you help me somehow ? Please . I want to study this subject .
The day began as usual and there were no signs of trouble , but when she woke up and went downstairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
Firstly , Django Unchained reminds us of the hard life suffered by black people in the past through a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be sold to an owner farm . This was matched with an amazing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
On the one hand , there are some arguments for sport , especially volleyball .
When I play volleyball , I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game . This is a game I like to play .
In addition to this , it pushes me to keep on trying so that I can get everything right .
It is upstream that irrigates our economic life , and there is no doubt that negligence has the ability to destroy many good aspects of our lives , and our government is doing its best to put an end to negligence ,
but we also must cooperate to save our town . On the one hand , we must Presentation an awareness program for all people ,
and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive . Thus , we can improve the national income by attracting many people from other towns . And we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary for their health and at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskets and anyone who throws it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our town .
The natural environment is being destroyed . That is a problem people focus on frequently .
I do not agree with this statement because in big cities there are a lot of cars . If all the people in a city use their own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic jam , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
There are more problems in big cities . One of them is parking . There are a lot of areas in a city where it is very difficult to park and you only have 2 options ; you can park in a private car park and pay a lot of money or you can waste your time searching for a parking space .
I am Xyz . I am 18 years old and I am a student .
The party is next week at Julia 's house , and it is going to start at 5:00 pm .
She is a doctor . She told me that swimming would let my body more better .
You can go to a swimming club . That is a way to meet people with interesting of same .
Many people think running is a waste of time or that it 's very difficult , but I do n't agree .
After that , on the next day , I feel better .
Four years ago , I often had colds and long recovery periods .
After rehabilitation , I continued to feel pain in my foot and I still limped .
I decided to put an end to this and , one gorgeous morning , I started running !
First week one km , the second , one km and 300 meters , etc .
I found an ad for this job on the Internet .
I have traveled a lot , because this is my hobby . I have learned about a lot of food in many countries .
I am prepared for long working hours . That 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spending time with people .
My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising for a long time , since I was a kid .
Nowadays , it is really important to know how to swim because when we are on holiday we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even in the sea .
I like other sports such as football and volleyball , too .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy , but it also helps us to make new friends because , while we are training , we have people in our team who we can talk to and make friends with .
Otherwise , it is a sport where you do not have contact with your friends what helps not to make injuries .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when you are a small child to gain experience and , year after year , become better .
Actually , there are two kinds of sports .
I think it is the most interesting sport .
In our world there are many personalities , more or less known , such a film stars , musicians and so on , but why ca n't they have normal lives ?
Actually I have to admit , that film stars , politicians and other famous people have to count on fame .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all kinds of activities for children , from canoeing to swimming competitions . Also , I worked in a summer camp last year , where I could put all the things that I had learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to have again .
It really was amazing . I think , it was a breakthrough in my perception of music .
The good thing about it was the fact that the band ( actually I do n't even remember its name ) was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even thought about leaving the place .
In my opinion , music like this should be played more often on the radio and other mass media .
Please , feel free to get in touch with my teacher in order to obtain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 . He speaks English fluently ) .
My ability to learn and work , together with my enthusiasm , are core strengths that could be of great help to your company .
I used to dream of playing for Barcelona because Barcelona has good players I like . For example , Lionel Messi .
But even though I will never get a chance of playing for my dream team , I still enjoy playing football . I can play with people who are good and I still have fun .
If you start playing football at a young age , you really get better at football .
" The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum , to be precise .
When we arrived there in July last summer , the owners welcomed us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge , all included in the room 's fee .
Every room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks the sea , so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
During our stay , all the staff were friendly and always available .
Since I was five , I have enjoyed playing football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
Football is a great sport for everyone , Men , women , children , adults , even elderly people enjoy it .
How have you been , my friend ?
I heard about your wanting to have a trip to Taiwan . I would love to help you if you came to Taipei .
At any time of day or night , we can see people eating in all kinds of eating establishments ; from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
We also could go hiking in the mountains or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan .
On the other hand , you wanted to look for a job . Maybe you could have a part - time job in a cram school .
The other team was professional , they had won many competitions , they were really good , but Tom and I knew that we could win .
Our competition was on Monday . We had one day left .
Winning . We knew it had a cost , but one that we could achieve .
Tom was really tired and it was really weird because it was not a hard run . I knew it was because of nerves .
After the run , we continued with our daily routine .
I know how to look after kids . I even have two little sisters and I take care of them .
I can also do different activities with kids , for example , singing , running around the garden , planting trees , drawing , playing instruments , etc .
Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoid disease and become healthier . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and relaxed .
The two I have enjoyed the most are " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " The Secret Life of Walter Mitty " , or more simply , " Walter Mitty " .
Walter Mitty , in contrast , deals with the fictional story of the main character , an archivist , whose life is changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
In order to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet new people from all around the world , I have got very excited about that position that is available .
I think that I can help you with several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work . I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
It is true in many cases , as public modes of transport like buses , trains and trams , have their own specific routes and stops .
Secondly , public transport seems to be getting more expensive day by day , which has reduced its popularity .
In modern society , cars have become cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
In conclusion , I would say that , due to recent progress in society , there has been a considerable increase in car ownership .
I think that when you want to become famous because of something that you do ( for example , writing musicals ) you have to accept what comes with it .
It 's true that sometimes paparazzi cross the line and invade their private properties , which I find awful .
However , there are also those kinds of people that become famous for doing nothing or just being rich , as is the case with Paris Hilton .
They are just people , but not like you or me , or at least , I do n't have a fabulous Ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
In our world , it 's impossible to live without using technology .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example , explains well and calmly the use of new technology to an old man or woman , in the end , these people are also in a position to use it .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I saw THE TITANIC . Perhaps the movie counts as the typical story where the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
In fact ,
There probably is n't a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living in today . That is , if businesses continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure , they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
Every single one of them said that if you work abroad , you will improve your English a lot , since you will be hearing and speaking it all day .
Another drawback is that , unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
There are a few things which I am very keen and passionate about in the whole world .
I have been doing swimming since I was six years old . Now I am twenty one . This should leave you in no doubt about how much I care about my hobby .
This is not just a sport , but an extraordinary thing I do in my ordinary life , in everyday life .
So , I let myself drop into the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion I could ever try .
If I had to suggest a sport for children to do , I would recommend it , because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantees an high level of wealth .
I 'll finish by saying that , even when I was young , if my father had asked me if I would rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would surely have chosen the former .
First of all , the environment is contaminated and these substances get to us by water , air , food ... also clothes .
Then , it is very important to exercise because your body and your mind need movement .
If you do not have enough time to exercise every day , you can make little efforts : do not use the lift , use the stairs or walk every time you can .
Nowadays , we have hurried lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
In my opinion . I must express the facilities given by the Internet .
It 's all so easy and useful . For example , you can order a pizza to be delivered to your home .
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where where you do the same activities every day , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forgetting words , dates , information that you learnt a few years ago , because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I think that your brain is like your body . They both need exercise to be active and the way to get it is reading something .
Finally , if you get the reading habit you will organize your ideas better and you may feel more energetic . If you do n't believe me , just try it .
It follows that , on the one hand , I have extensive knowledge of how to be on good terms with different people and , on the other hand , I have a perfect command of English .
Two years ago , I worked as an interpreter and an organizer at the Waterski World Championships in Moscow .
My opinion is rooted in my experience , so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth , I like cooking and experiencing new things in general .
If you want to start playing badminton , you should look for a badminton club nearby and should sign up for a training class .
Mostly , the badminton clubs sell all kinds of badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
When you start playing , you should practice at least twice a week , better three times a week .
Those films are really good . You have a drama , a romance , and a thriller ; those films are very entertaining .
I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movie and also , they are worth your while and you are not going to regret it .
Another thriller that is really good is The Cabin in the Woods . That movie is really entertaining , and scary .
If you like scary thrillers , this movie is the one for you to watch , I do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious , so you will like that one .
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from Gaudi 's magnificent artwork , it is n't as famous as that .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish in the sea but there was n't an appropriate place to keep the fish , so they could n't eat it one or two days later .
That situation must have been terrible for the population , but fortunately , there is always a possible solution .
Neighbours helped them to build the building and , after a few months , they began to use it .
As the story continued , people kept thinking that fish were polluted .
As always after having fish for dinner , he had a strange dream .
He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle , it was a revolution , where the fish were the citizens .
This meant some fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that , while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
The fish were going to the beach where the people fished .
That was his entire dream . He was now scared to find out if that was real or not .
When he woke up from his dream , he kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
After walking for many days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking about how much they would still need to walk to find a city . Also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
During a gap year , you have the chance to consider all the issues connected with your future .
In the beginning , it would be a simple job and without high wages , but you would get some experience .
To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision . You should give it thought before you finally decide .
Last year , I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only using my hands and my imagination .
I grew up in a family whose members speak Italian and Spanish fluently .
In my opinion , TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress by watching TV .
After that , I practiced turns and driving on the road .
I have seen your English courses on the internet and suddenly I thought that 's what I need !
At the moment , I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I would find another place to stay . That 's no problem !
I hope it will be every day because I 'm looking forward to learning English !
I would be grateful if you could reply to my questions as soon as you can .
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Would it be possible for you to increase the period spent studying a topic ? For example , 2 weeks for each unit ?
I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms . In fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoors even if it 's not a beautiful day .
As for me , I 've got some rules .
I 've got some problems with waking up in the morning .
Try not to eat a very substantial meal in the evening and in the morning .
Watching the National Geographic or Discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics , which are really interesting .
Entertainments are a must . Everyone should take time off from their busy or hectic schedule .
I am writing this letter in response to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested .
I am currently studying for a marketing and market research degree at Malaga University . In September I will start my last year of the course , which I hope to finish next year .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Málaga . I consider myself a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change one bus for another one going to my town , where I can meet you at the bus station .
As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment , but I suggest bringing something warm just in case as the weather is very changeable here .
I 'm really pleased as there were about 200 competitors and , so , I would never have thought I would be the winner .
For disabled people , there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
For couples who have babies , there should be babycare services .
The hotel should have an all - inclusive concept , so before people go on holiday , they can calculate their costs .
Also , food should be provided by the company .
Firstly , being at schools with lots of other children in a class develops your social skills , but learning at home makes you lose contact with others .
Now that they were back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well her brother , who had been avoiding her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend . They were n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely , she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so going to their old house as a surprise would at least give her the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despite this insignificant trick , she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
She called Jimmy and told him where she was going , but Jimmy did n't answer , since he was at work , so she left a voice message .
There are only a limited number of government buses on the road and their frequency is not good , so they get overcrowded .
People board these buses out of compulsion , as they have to reach their office on time .
On the other hand , the metro service is a good means of transportation ; it goes under the road , so you do n't get traffic .
The waiting time is minimal ; you get a train every 3 to 5 minutes .
After a few kilometers , you will find a bus stop , but metro stations are built only in major areas .
So , even if you travel by metro , you have to take a bus or car to reach your destination , unless it is located near a metro station .
On public transport , many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey . It is very exhausting , especially on a long journey .
While in a private vehicle , you can sit comfortably and enjoy your journey .
Not everyone can afford a car , so public transport will be here in the future as well , but fewer people will use it .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore , as I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department , I have to start the search for a new employee .
Any experienced worker would bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment and experience , of course .
In my opinion , recent graduates are ambitious , without prejudices , and most of them are not family people as yet .
Now I will explain to you how to reach my home from the airport .
Next , you can take the bus which takes you to Chiari .
You surely remember that place because , the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station you 've ever been to .
Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment . However , one of the problems that society has faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
It is believed there are ways to make TV able to help educate .
In addition , many of the educational programs are not transmitted by broadcast television and people without cable systems have no access to these .
In my opinion , it 's true , although family is a very important part of your life and you have to take care of it .
Accordingly , the first one considers whether the industry has been affected by file sharing , whereas the second analyses the success of live performance in the present technological era .
I 'm very excited about your arrival in Santa Cruz next week . I 'll give you some advice about awesome places to visit .
The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ . You will be astounded by the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get there .
I remember that you are fascinated by nature , so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food . You will see an amazing view and a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
Because I can cycle and swim almost anytime , I might say in every season .
When it 's cold , I always go to a covered swimming pool , and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining , I always go to a reservoir .
As for cycling in winter , I would n't do it because , in my opinion , it is quite dangerous .
That 's one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be outside , instead of walking or snowboarding .
Casar de Cáceres is located in the north of Cáceres . You can see a lot of amazing things in this spectacular village .
Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience . We can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata , which is located in Casar .
Discover this beautiful town with the five senses :
However , others believe that public transport is better , due to the fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan , because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by car , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society because of serious environmental issues .
If everyone started using a car for traveling , there would n't be enough road for everyone as there are seven billion people in the world , and even for the environment it is better to use cars as little as possible .
The government and public bodies should start thinking about it , and to save society public transport is best .
Certain age groups wo n't be able to drive a car , so they definitely need public transport .
So , in summary , to save the environment , to make the roads accessible to everyone , public transport should be used and we should all try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
He asked Jessica to let him go with her , but she did n't agree , because before marrying him , she wanted to try to see if their love could hold out against everything , including distance .
" If you think so , go away , forever ! " told Michael .
However , I believe public transport is still very important in our society and has a bright future .
Firstly , travelling by bus or on other public transport , such as the underground , helps us to decrease the emission of exhaust which causes pollution and global warming .
Secondly , we all know that public transport is cheaper than private transport .
And last but not the least , public transport is much safer than private transport , because it transports many more people , and so , there is more caution .
People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe , since there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight - loss process .
In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to the weight - loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
Of course , people want to know some facts about the personal lives of famous people , but often , stars do n't like it when journalists try to get into their lives .
On the one hand , I would like to talk about the fact that , with the help of the internet , we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
There are community sites like Facebook , which have a built - in messenger .
On the other hand , though , people can become anti - social , just because of the lack of real face - to - face meetings .
On the other hand , with the internet , we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
It is more time efficient and , in my opinion , it is easier .
However , this news can be false .
Gnadenthal is a very small village consisting of almost only one single drivable road , which is not famous for its size , though .
The few houses themselves are set around a very old Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for raising sheep and cows .
Nearby , fields growing vegetables can be visited which have never been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
Hi bro , What s up there ? .I'm going to recommend you to give up sport . As I told you too many times , sport is bad for your health . It makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like that , and music improves and stimulates your brain and intelligence .
But also , I told you that if you are very good at sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it because it is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laugh or have a good time .
Well , that is my opinion . I will ask some friends about it and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more . Also , if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help , please . I will help you with all you want .
See you my Nigga !
But , for beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running can be boring , tiring , dangerous even , but if you have a strong spirit and willpower , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
If you want to try it ,
Open your mind , do n't be chicken , and you 'll find different one about you !
However , after I came to New Zealand , I found a special sport which does n't need any ability ; hiking .
Also , you are able to choose a place to go depending on how you feel .
If you are interested in hiking , you should buy waterproof clothes , just in case .
To conclude , hiking is one of the most enjoyable sports , even for people who do n't like sports , like me .
Instead of taking your seat directly home , you need to go to a more or less distant place in order to take public transport and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
The first point which I would like to mention is cost .
Cars are n't cheap and if you think that it is easier to move from one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point , but there are a lot of considerations which you should occur like gas , insurance or parking costs .
When you drive by the car , you have to focus on the road , you need to think about what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should choose .
That could be frustrating , especially when you have a long journey and you need to spend long hours driving .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
Another advantage could be the teachers : they are quite strict sometimes , but they make us study harder and that is not so easy to do with teenagers .
But there are some disadvantages , like stairs because we are on the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many stairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
We share the floor with another school and it has a different timetable and the bell rings 10 minutes before and it makes me confused , but I really like 4B and I would n't change it .
For instance , we can use the car 's radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to the news while making our way to the place we want to go to .
Nowadays , people depend on them too much .
Unfortunately , we should be careful with the way we use them .
Despite all these things , Adam was lonely and had no friends in school or in Abbeywood Street in Queensland , where he lived in Australia , and Adam was very annoyed about that , and what made it worse , was that a boy called Johnny had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
Two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends , but unfortunately , they were n't very good friends . They used to cause trouble and did n't do their homework on time . The boys were Fernando and Louis . They were in their seventh year in school , like Adam .
The math teacher in school , Mr Michael , was a very good teacher who took care of children in school .
In the final exam , Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and informed the school 's manager , who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
As a matter of fact , Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got lower , but he did n't , and the consequences were very bad , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Also , every three or four minutes , you can get on the train .
I know this is not easy , but there is an ecological and cheap mode of transport : the bicycle .
For short distances , it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid polluting .
Of course , it is not a solution for long distances , but step by step , the traffic problems will improve .
As far as the storyline is concerned , I have to say that the film is really fast - moving .
Regarding the acting , taking into account that it is a big - budget film , there is not much to say .
It is fairly well played by actors , such as Jesse Eisenberg and Morgan Freeman , who play their roles perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks , when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understandable , you know that , in fact , it is not .
These consequences vary . One example would be that students may get lower grades in their exams , or even fail them .
As a result , many high school students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying , since they have many things going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
When I grew up , I realized sooner than later , that I would never be either a good or a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players that ever lived .
Long after that , because I had such a natural talent at engineering , I began to write books and essays about everything related to my job .
Today , you need more than you needed yesterday .
People are looking for a comfortable , easy life .
Companies are looking for well - educated people with good experience to hire and students are more likely to suit their choices .
With your certificate , you can easily find a job .
For that reason we 're going to put our names down at the gym and the swimming pool .
Besides , I 've a big surprise . Apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has invited us to join them .
I know that this is something strange , but I really enjoy it .
To begin with , I have been interested in birdwatching from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
Also , I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
So , if someone really wants to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area where he lives .
To sum up , I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sport but you must like it to start it .
In addition , it could be interesting , although you do n't have to do physical activity , because your ability to edit a speech , support an idea , have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity .
Moreover , I think that it should become a reality , because the field of the activity is so broad and it could be useful in other plenty scope , even in your daily routine .
Also , I 'm interested in tuition which refers to biology and the influence of different kinds of chemical compounds on the human body .
Please , check for me which colleges provide these subjects and when they start .
Last , but not least , what is the fee ? I want to find a college which is not too expensive .
If service only meets expectations and does not provide anything more than them , that means customer satisfaction is there , but the customer will not feel great .
In this context , it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer service of builders and the results of Vasthu .
Personally , I watch a comedy movie almost every evening .
They are short - sighted and it seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thinking .
I do not know if there is a filter for presidential candidates . I just know that the ballots are counted by states .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria . There was chaos instead of " democracy " everywhere , and the next might be Hong Kong .
But , if I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts ,
However , learning ideas and concepts needs more investigation and understanding from many of the academic textbooks .
When students grasp the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issues related to it deeply .
For instance , when I was in senior year in high school ,
If you ask me , who the person is who I admire the most ,
He is so brilliant ; he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
When he was younger , he worked for the government , but he had to quit because of the corruption .
He always wanted to have his own business . He used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
He has travelled a lot . He knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many places .
So , if I can end my days having been a little bit like him , the work will be done and I will be able to say I have been a good father , just like him .
When I try to create in dreams the home of the future , the first thing which I have in mind is new technology . In my opinion , homes in the future have to be different . This is connected with our society and development .
To begin with , I consider that many homes which will be created in the future must have robots .
In general , houses could have open space , a lot of windows and light everywhere .
Because it was our first day in the Algarve , we decided to explore a bit more of the area .
Near the restaurant , we saw a very strange thing .
He said that girl that he was drawing was the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
When the night came , I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go to .
Since then , we have been in touch and now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him , ever .
After that , I signed up for Karate classes , but I did n't like combat sports like that .
The main thing which makes me love it is maybe the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket . It makes you go to the seventh heaven .
All of us are surrounded by plastic . Plastic is needed for a lot of things in our everyday life .
For this reason , when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change their lifestyle .
Nowadays , there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic , so it would be difficult to live a whole month without it .
However , this family believed that if they achieved their goal , they would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
Such us yoghurts , biscuits , etc , was wrapped in plastic .
However , I also think that it 's important to be conscious of environmental concerns , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce rubbish .
To sum up , I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as well as cardboard , glass , etc .
So , we can use plastic in a responsible way , but we have to know that we should n't take this idea to the extreme because we need plastic .
I watched till they dragged him away , and then everything went quiet again , as if there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
How do they know ?
How did these people find the spot ?
Not just a really competitive game , football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team work .
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start playing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's passion for wearing your club 's jersey and respect for your adversaries .
For years of wars and difficult situations , history was creating people 's beliefs and convictions .
When you were a child , did you ever ask yourself what you were good at ?
On the one hand , we have people who live for their sport . On the other hand , there are people who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is , if you have not fallen in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
You could go clubbing in Tarragona , but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort to go to Salou .
First , parents are a great source of experience , which can be helpful in teaching .
I , myself , have faced so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
Once , when I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
So , I just made a quick decision based on some research on the internet and some personal favorites and priorities .
I was hoping that my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronics but my parents told me to do some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronics .
So , by considering different ideas and opinions , finally I chose computer engineering as my university major .
So , I went to my parents and asked for their help . They presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I could easily get along with .
So , parents can be the best teachers in view of their emotional closeness to their children .
Also , they have so many close relationships with their children , which makes them trustworthy characters as teachers .
I enjoy hearing the rain while I am reading at home .
However , I like walking very much , too .
When the weather is good , I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or go shopping .
Actually , I do n't like computer games very much , because , in my opinion , they are so boring ! I also think these games create a sort of dependency , like alcohol or drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
For example , I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory experiments in chemistry .
In fact , I was ill all the time and I could only look at the sea through the window of my room !
For example , I can learn about the Big Bang , or the origin of the universe . It 's fascinating !
In my opinion , it is one of the most interesting programmes about science on TV .
By recycling , by trying to reduce the traffic , walking and cycling . That also improves our health and fitness .
In particular , the killer kills seven people , each one corresponding to those actions that , according to the Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
In the movie there , are some references to Dante 's " Divina Commedia " , an Italian poem , as well as to the Bible .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
When it comes to bargain sales , in such periods , people start to behave like animals and rarely think rationally .
They walk very quickly , even run , to get the last thing which is left in the store .
Nevertheless , some people treat shopping too seriously and , as a result , become addicted to it .
At the same time , I was one of the leaders of the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot about how to come together with people and to take care of them .
Each year , in the summer holiday , I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighbourhood , both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years old .
Yours faithfully , Daniela
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live , in where we have a lot of products and chefs are so good , I would like to visit an Italian restaurant , because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place in the world where you can eat different types of cheese .
When I eat in a restaurant , I hate two things : people smoking and the loud voices of the people .
Whereas I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that makes the night more romantic if you dine with your partner or more relaxed if you dine with your friend .
I think that an Italian restaurant is a great place for my class , because there they can choose between different fantastic dishes . For example , pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
However , not all is OK . A trip to Italy is so expensive and many classmates ca n't afford it .
While on holidays from university ,
I travelled to my country of birth , where I was able to meet my family members , relatives and friends .
I visited many interesting places , e.g. a nature reserve , historical places , the zoo , rivers etc .
While on time off from university ,
I live in Milan with my parents , but I 'm moving to the USA before the end of spring , so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
My parents are both English native speakers , but to learn more about the culture , I studied languages at university and now I have a degree in English and French , so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another situation and not only with my parents and family .
In Italy , I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months . I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the other 2 children are both 11 years old . And back then , I had to cook lunch and dinner for them .
At university , I was part of the football team and we won a championship against one of the most athletic football teams in our country .
I think I 'm an energetic person that likes all the types of sports and activities , but the most important thing is that I love kids and playing with them makes me really happy .
I would like to be part of your staff , so please let me know if I can work with you !
We depend on cars so much , as if they are our spare pair of feet .
On a normal weekday , over 8 million people use the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]
There are some park - and - ride stations allowing car drivers to connect with the subway . It is very convenient and encourages more people to drive less .
First of all , once you arrive , you will need to get the train , which stops at Tiburtina .
From there take the 45 bus and stop at Piazza Rubiani . I do n't live very far from there . It will only take a couple of minutes .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take the second on the right , which is Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
The location is informal and the service is good , the owner and the waiters are friendly ; you feel at home .
You can listen to live music or a DJ on Friday evening . It 's really fun !
At that moment , the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answered me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
Suddenly , a loud noise was heard in the room and I woke up .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US showing that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of the TV or computer playing video games . They hardly do any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
For example , it should be noted that recent studies by WHO have revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in the number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
This example shows that people with obesity not only suffer from bullying , but also from heart attacks .
I had a really good time with my boyfriend . This place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
I bought two kinds of clothes : casual clothes for every day and an outfit for an occasion , my cousin 's wedding next month .
See you soon !
He did n't know what to do . He tried to call someone , but the line did n't work .
He was starting to get agitated , he was arriving late to his sister 's wedding . It was probably the best day of her life and he was n't there with her .
When the first hour had passed , he decided he would walk .
When he opened the door , a cold wind whipped him hard but he did n't care about it and kept going .
He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking . He had to get to the church .
He was wet , cold , starving , and outside the weather had worsened , the road was flooded and the cars could n't pass .
Swimming is one of the most complete sports , because you use every part of your body in order to float and advance in the water .
If you want to know more and learn to practise this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school . There are many good and not so expensive ones , where you can count on the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence , the author formulates definitions of the mentioned acts of a sexual nature .
On the basis of a more balanced and reasonable approach , the new edition of Art .
Secondly , you 'll get off at the Galleria .
On the opposite side of the National express bus stop there 's the bus stop .
Finally , you will find my apartment near the bus stop .
You can go anywhere you want , even during the night when public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
However , a car is not always more economical to run because , for example , you have to pay for road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
The main reason for this is that cars use diesel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : for me it was the first time I had flown , and it was amazing . But at the beginning I had a little bit of a headache .
When we arrived in Catania , the bus driver took us to a café to have breakfast .
In the evening , we went to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotel because we were tired .
The next morning , we visited Siracusa and in the afternoon we went to Ortigia island where we had a little bit of free time .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento , where a lot of us stayed in the hotel that night .
In Garigento , we saw the ' Valle Dei templi ' and a museum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greci ' .
We also saw Pirandell 's house , and after that , we went to Marsala . During the evening , we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we visited a museum and then we moved to Trapani , where we visited the saltworks .
Public transport will increase in the future , because every year there are more train stations and more streets .
In my opinion , it is one of the healthiest sports there are because you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breathing .
I do not swim in competitions , but almost since I was 3 years old ,
At the moment , I am training at the Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
If I had to give advice to someone who wants to start this sport , I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
If he is afraid of the water , it is not recommended to do this sport , or being able to overcome his fear would be a great goal .
All in all , I would recommend anyone to do this sport .
Nobody can leave a family , as there will be a bloody union .
If you talk to a friend who is also a member of your family , the situation could turn out to be a little awkward .
All in all , as we can see , there are many advantages and disadvantages to considering the members of your family your best friends .
Nowadays , owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you are willing to pay through the nose for it .
Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat , it usually does n't have enough room to swing a cat .
In addition , the unwillingness of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stable job is something important to take into account .
When I run , I feel relaxed , I forgot all my troubles and stresses .
In addition , I made new friends there . They are very clever and physically strong .
I keep practicing with them , running around West Lake every Saturday .
After the race , we got together in the cafe , drink beer and had a nice conversation .
Also , running improves my willpower , because I have to wake up early in the morning and run , without fail .
This company has the intention of setting up some training courses for staff , so I came up with the idea of having a course that concentrates on company morale .
In conclusion , this will make everyone feel part of the company and we will have everyone 's opinions .
The movie was first released in 1982 and was directed by Ridley Scott , who was the director of Alien .
The story of Blade Runner is about a police officer named Dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth , which they call the replicants , and they are dangerous to humans .
The film events happen in Los Angeles in 2019 ; there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character ; and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty . He is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
Dickard , the police officer , kills three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tries to kill the last robot , he discovers that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanical body , because he saves Dickard 's life at the end of the film .
Travelling has an important role in our everyday life ; we need to get to work , school , want to meet our friends .
Most of those plans would not be possible if it were not for means of transport .
On the one hand , it is more convenient to have a car .
It enables you to go anywhere you want , no matter when .
You can also stop worrying about how much you take to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside your trunk , while this is impossible with any other means of transport ,
For those people , there is always another option - public transport .
Moreover , travelling by train , tram or bus produces less exhaust fumes and , as a result , saves the ozone layer .
For this , the first thing I 'd like to do when I arrive is to visit the country . I want to do this during the first month . Every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
After , that I 'll need to make some money . My parents are going to give me some , but it wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
I need to ask you for some help . You 're the only person I know who lives there , so the only one who can help me .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay . A motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me the contact details of a company that is looking for part - time staff ?
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an aborted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research and help other people .
Science nowadays has developed a lot and has given the population a lot of possibilities , like storing stem cells and using them to treat future health problems anyone can have .
All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion , it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
The most popular retail stores are located in our famous mall , called Leo Center .
There you can find almost anything you want , from clothes to electronics and groceries , to beauty products and flowers .
Even if you are interested in more than ordinary shopping , you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
Depending on your personal interests , you should head for different quarters of Leonberg .
If you prefer faster shopping , I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable , especially for men .
But , if you are a woman and you have lots of money and time , you will always be content during shopping .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices , such as microwaves , remote contols for TV , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
But , I fortunately made it .
But my new friends from this group were very polite and we worked together , so it was much easier than I thought at first .
After some time , I felt sad , because I realised that I would n't be able to see the band playing on the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entrance .
After that , we went backstage and spent some time with the band .
I hope that , next time , you will be able to go with me .
In conclusion , sexual harassment may happen anywhere , anytime , by anyone .
To sum up , I would recommend this place if you want to have a great time and eat on your last day .
It was after thinking about this major problem that governments around the world launched the greatest and most ambitious plan .
To start with , cars are going to be made using high technology at a lower cost , and therefore affordable to all .
Can you tell me more about the possibility of taking out a Petpals franchise in my country ?
Another thing I would like to know is how much turnover / profit I can expect in the first year .
Despite this , our appearance will change . Our fashion will be more technique .
The family might exist on paper , but not in reality , because each member of the family will be busy and they will just send some messages from the high - technology phones they 'll have at that time .
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic , but if we do n't change our minds immediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
From an overall perspective , it is notable a higher amount of illiterate women in all the regions compared with men , who are in some cases the half part of the total of women in each region .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists . Visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city . Dancing Tango , eating traditional meat or visiting a beautiful library are some of them .
Furthermore , there are many places where tourists can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture of the Obelisco Porteño .
There are also places where people can buy the typical clothes ; dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for men .
Even if you just want to go shopping for clothes , there are so many places you can go . Palermo is known as a little New York for the designers and well - known brands , and technology is located in Recoleta .
First of all , let me tell you , there has been a great change in people 's minds .
Maybe most of us have spent our childhood with our cousins and they were our best friends for ages .
I should talk in the third person , because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but I do have close cousins .
Even if you look for good advice , some members of your family could help you from the heart .
That is , in any place , suddenly you could find someone who could become your closest relative .
During this day , the students had the opportunity to hear very interesting things , but not in the same way as if they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
While many people believe that the internet brings a vast amount of problems , such as a reduction in interaction between people and some bad information sources , in contrast , I have a strong opinion that the internet brings many more benefits than drawbacks .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using the internet , is the vast amount of information contained on it .
At the same time , some sources contain pornography and violent information , which makes many people afraid of using the internet to search for information .
I think one of the important historical places in Japan is the Kiyomizu temple in Kyoto .
It is well - known as a vast beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan , and it 's also famous among foreigners .
Also , the temple gave rise to a Japanese proverb , which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
It means " very scared and nervous " , because the temple is very tall and it gives people such a feeling .
Starting with The Blue Palace , you can visit some other old buildings .
It wo n't have a swimming pool , but it will have a barbecue .
You are invited , of course .
Currently , I am studying Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiar with when it comes to dealing with kids , such as , patience , charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
It 's nice to hear from you . As soon as you arrive there are some secure options for you .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
If you love extreme travel , I recommend Mexico 's city subway . It 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access to each one of the options ) .
If I were you , I would choose the subway because the weather in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your tiring trip .
On the other hand , a problem could stem from the lack of incentives for the nationwide educational institutions .
Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any further complications , the Brazilian authorities should bear in mind the development of both national and international programmes .
I think that it is a really good option to get experience and to do different and interesting things , like organise sports activities and fun activities for children .
But I could n't find the remote control . I could n't switch off the TV and I watched the whole film .
There were a lot of ancient things , such as clocks , cars , weapons .
In the evenings , we played special games which we usually had not played before .
Because I want to improve my language skills , I want to go with you on a camp .
To finish lunch in Italy , we eat fruit .
I live in Stocksund with my mom , Anna - Karin , and in Djursholm with my dad , Lukas , and my little brother Jonathan .
In my spare time , I like to play hockey and be with friends .
I play hockey almost every day and I love it . I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half , so I was not as good as everybody else , but that did not stop me .
I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half , so I was not as good as everybody else , but that did not stop me .
I have played a lot of other sports , like Karate , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
A lot of my close friends that I went to Stocksund Skolan with and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan , but that is a little bit too far away , so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
And I think that I am good at it because I watch a lot of TV shows in English .
Well here are some advice and ideas that have worked for me .
The Nazis could be everywhere , " he thought , and unlocked the door with a little key .
Well , since my childhood I have always loved weapons . My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I was 15 that I found my real passion , and it was archery . Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that archery is my favorite sport .
I just love it when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it you are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body . After that , when you shoot the arrow , you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target . I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
If I had the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to not give up , because this is n't an easy sport , and it is more mental than physical .
To sum up , it is vital that , nowadays , we think about our future .
My idol was , is , and always will be Justin Bieber .
I remember the first time that I saw his videos . I did n't write his last name correctly and I could n't find him on YouTube .
In 2014 , I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they could n't " come out " because of their managers .
There are a lot of disadvantages to being a star , which normal people do n't realise . For example , not having a private life .
They have so much compared with ordinary people . That 's why I think it would be unfair if they also had a private life .
They should remember they are lucky devils not , as they often think , victims .
To sum up , it is hard to simply claim that famous people deserve to have a private life and to be left alone by paparazzi .
Everyone , from time to time , needs a moment of peace to relax and renew their strength .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed of ; it is normal that always in our lives something will annoy us .
Famous people have to notice how much they have , appreciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster as they often think .
People who have the resources to buy or hire something and are looking for convenience have a great desire to buy a car .
These things make us think about whether public transport has a future . After all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more convenient by car than by bus .
Secondly , it can not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , but people who agree with the idea point out that high - quality and modern public transport such as the Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
There are some places in developing countries , for example , in remote or highland areas , where people have not seen a car for many years . They have no choice apart from old buses to travel .
Nowadays , higher education is becoming more and more necessary for starting a good career .
There are some similarities . However , differences in the educational system cause differences in the attitudes to education .
In general , most employers prefer applicants who have achieved an academic degree .
If you want to buy some vegetables for your dinner , you will have to wait until the next train arrives at your station .
So , in the near future , there will no longer be a use for public transport .
After only three years , he joined the Benetton formula one team and two years later he won his first driver championship .
After winning another title , he signed a contract with the Ferrari team .
At that point , his work became very hard and stressful because , at that time , Ferrari was n't a very good car . In fact , that car was only able to go fast on straight circuits .
Three years later , after intense work , Michael started to put his feet on the podium again .
In 2000 , he won his third driver championship with Ferrari and also won it consecutively for three years .
In the meantime , his mind always thought of Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
To summarize , he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the press because he would like to announce his definitive
This , unfortunately , was only an excuse . He was only pretending to retire as he had already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
These people usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never on time , or that it is difficult to get to your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes , or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made - up short - notice trip as a private car can be .
In my opinion , these arguments depend on how efficiently designed the public transport system is , taking into account number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
All these benefits will surely contribute to a better future for all the habitants , so let 's give public transport a chance .
Cars are n't used any more because there are many places where you can rent a bicycle , and naturally , it is free .
During the winter the means of transport are efficient and not very expensive , so people can not use their cars .
The text discusses some kinds of Asian bamboo that have a unique flowering and seeding cycle . These cycles only happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that , at present , this phenomenon is a problem , because this bamboo is the main source of food for the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
The Giant Panda is an endangered species . The pandas have to survive the hunters and the destruction of their habitat by humans .
Besides , when the bamboos flower and seed , they die , so the new bamboos growing enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time , and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
I hope you will consider my application and look forward to hearing from you .
These days Italy has quite a big problem with unemployment . It 's very difficult to find a job and most people find jobs in supermarkets .
It was a good experience . The hotel had every comfort you can imagine : a restaurant , a spa , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimming pools , a beauty center and a church .
The personnel were n't so helpful , but luckily someone gave me some advice , especially the porter , Artan .
" I have been thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I was injured and I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that , this year , will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th 1974 , took a break in his career because of an injury to his right leg in 2011 , and after that , he returned in 2013 with the goal of winning the Barcelona World Cup and the FINA World Cup .
" I turned 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship in falls from height .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I attended before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel like I am at 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February 2015 as the date to return .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 , and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be among the top five spots of the season .
You may ask why , of all the possible activities , this one was chosen .
Of course , I do not count running indoors , but only outdoors , while the breeze is blowing in one 's face during the exercise .
Do they like it or not ?
So , if someone is ever wondering to whether start playing this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
We are people and all of us must have a private life , including celebrities .
On the other hand , famous politicians and film stars have chosen such a life .
Finally , if you want to find a job for three months , Barcelona is a good choice to stay in .
Hope that you follow my ideas and you like Spain .
Many leaders believe that money is the best . However , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivating employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
One night , I was talking with my sister about her last trip around Europe . Her best friend , Michael , was also there .
Outside , it was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but , nevertheless , we continued walking through the trees , when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael . When we went out , he was in front of the house , making strange sounds . When he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevolent way , then made us go back inside .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly , then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion for the opposing team .
On the other hand , if he chooses to play professionally , then he must try hard .
Regular exercise is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance .
The restaurant has a very characterful decoration indeed , because you seem to be inside a train .
In fact , there are always lots of people every day , so I recommend booking at least one week before going .
I really think it is suitable for the class , because each one of us could know in advance how much we would pay to eat there and , besides , we could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
Without a shadow of a doubt , I am absolutely sure this would be the best option for our class .
I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' , I changed my point of view .
If you haven't seen it yet , after reading this short text , you 'll go to the cinema if you only have a chance .
Working abroad can offer you a good opportunity . Maybe it would never happen in your own country instead .
For example , if you go to work in England , you can say goodbye to the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
Hi ! My name is Ester . I was born in Danderyd and
I have got one sister . She is 15 years old and her name is Tina . She also goes to Fribergaskolan .
I also have a little rabbit who is called Frippe . He is so cute and cuddly .
to my " carer horse " . It 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is on Saturdays .
My carer horse is named Wiggins , but he 's called Viggo .
When I was eight years old , I visited Thailand . It was wonderful and we stayed at a hotel so close to the beach I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
One of the islands was a cave and you had to swam into it . It was very beautiful .
When we were in Thailand , we saw many different animals ; everything from big leguans to rainbow fishes and deadly sea - snakes .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister go to Switzerland to go skiing in the Alps . It 's wonderful and really fun .
We have never seen a marmot , but I so want to .
We have also been to Verbier . I loved the cabin we slept in there .
Three words that describe me best are , perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist .
I like food , especially Italian food . It is my favorite food to eat .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is , of course , Italian . I have actually been to Italy twice , to Rome and Florence and to a small town named Lucignano in the countryside .
I like to read too . My favorite type of book is horse books or just random books . It 's hard to explain , but I mean books with everyday action not science - fiction or romance .
Some of the books I like are " Only Way is Up " and " Steal the Show " and were written by Emmy Abrahamson . I think she is a very good author . Another author I like is John Boyne who wrote " The Terrible Thing that Happened to Barnaby Brocket " .
Right now I am reading a book called " The Maze runner " . It is very exciting .
When I grow up I want to be a vet . It would be a dream come true for me . I hope I will go to other countries , like Australia , and work there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been scared of blood or anything like that , and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
I love to design presentations and edit things on the computer , but also in real life , like my room , clip - art and more .
Parkour is a discipline in which the main purpose is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and fastest way , without causing any harm to your body .
One of the foundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method , created by Georges Hébert .
David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment , and then the current Parkour was born .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosophical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a phrase from the Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that , in a dangerous situation , you will be able to save yourself and other people , and so on .
Nowadays , our society has become very lazy due to the use of the car or the motorbike .
The consequence of this is that , in the near future , public transport will disappear .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport . Because of this , most families have more than one .
When visiting Copenhagen during summer time , there is a huge variety of shops and restaurants that will give you a sense of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes . There is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
If you get tired of wandering the streets , then you can always enter the big shopping store , Magasin , for more indoor shopping .
When you are tired of shopping , take the bus to the West Side of Copenhagen where there is a vast choice of restaurants ; everything from Italian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
Fashion is a popular topic .
The others answered on this with the question : ' When does a company start making something just because they want something to do ? '
Next we talked about the following question : ' Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion . They all directly said ' Yes ' .
There is an immense group of girls who really want to be models . Because of the fact that they do n't fit into this clothing yet , they have to lose weight .
A lot of girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' , and get anorexia and those things .
In their opinion , young people , including themselves , are very busy with fashion and clothes .
An example on which they all agreed was : ' In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose who you had to sit next to , most people would sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
The next question was : ' Does it make society materialistic and competitive ? '
They all said it kind of did affect . them However , they also bought clothes they liked .
Furthermore , the government are enhancing public transportation services . They are providing them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on public transportation are less than the cost of driving a car the same distance .
Besides , we had to see if the band had everything that they needed : something to eat and to drink . I was responsible for that .
From there we went to the mall , and finally , to Juanca 's house .
Saturday , I helped a friend with his party and made 64 dollars .
Sunday , I went to the mall with the same people .
The group is named Hogwarts .
From Monday to Friday I was in
Boquete , where I did nothing , and Saturday I came back .
That night , I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in the morning .
On the last day , I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
I did not do much .
The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time , but when I was with my family I got bored .
Of course , after that I never thought that I ever had a chance .
But once , one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was going to be OK .
And since then , it 's the most pain .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays , but a lot of people would be surprised to find the real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of the country .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all the important events of Eastern European history , from the Tatar invasions to World War II , which was a real disaster .
The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve , or zoo , make it very attractive to tourist visitors .
These include facilities like ample parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls if you are carrying very heavy loads of purchases , and relaxation spots like cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space for their customers to move around without getting any clustering of people , as this is a statutory requirement when building a shopping mall .
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you of my opinion of the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities , which abound as you take your time in considering visiting them .
It is , however , well known after a plethora of scientific publications that cars harm the environment dramatically .
Do n't worry about not recognising me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but , to reassure you , I will be carrying a bright orange suitcase .
I 'm looking forward to meeting your family and , if we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
I am sure it is an easy task : here you can visit many entertaining facilities where you can find technology or culture , for example , and there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
Talking about money , the car is probably more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary for the maintenance of the car .
So , people prefer travelling by their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
Fame is a choice of many people ; it was their dream .
Many of them have got family members who do n't want to have anything in common with fame .
Usually , journalists also follow them all the time .
Sometimes it happens that journalists write some silly gossip about famous people which is not true .
They want to be rich and famous and they know that journalist will follow them .
Although it does n't mean that the press should write about your private life .
It 's important to know what is happening in the world , because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
Besides , you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if a lot of serious situations are occurring in your country .
So , for that reason , I think television can entertain and also educate .
Watching TV can be funny and nice , but watching it in excess can be bad and not healthy for your life .
After I received more and more information about some successful engineers and inventors such as Steve Jobs , I realizes that , no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
Besides , it gives me a motivation to train harder and never think of giving up , and that I need to keep up my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
School work and examinations give me huge pressure , so I found a way to strike a balance when I learnt to do windsurfing .
On that day , I found something wrong with my position on the results board . I was shocked and decided to protest about the wrongdoings of the race committee .
Also , I trained my body and became more healthy .
Also , I have learnt communication skills through others and am considerate .
Therefore , I think my experience can train me to be admitted as a suitable candidate in engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people , which should remain a secret for other people .
And for some people , it does n't really matter if it was found out that someone was in a bar , for example , as long as their films are really worth watching .
In school , my first language was English .
I have two children . They go to school . I would like to join an English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm on any weekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon . If you have any questions , you can mail or contact me .
It is a fact that the public transport is getting worse year by year , especially here in Peru . However , we have to think about the benefits that public transport has . For instance , it can be a cost - effective way to get to work . So , will there be no place for public transport in the future ?
It 's known that over the years the system has improved and new means of transport have been offered , such as trains and trolleys , all of them with just one objective : to transport a mass of people quickly .
On the other hand , the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves has gone up over the last few years , and one of the main reasons they have a car is because of the comfort . Also , they claim that they can get to their work faster than by public transport .
The strange girl who was sitting next to him was listening to music and looking outside , trying to ignore the details that Michael was sharing with his parents .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered him chips , but he refused .
After some time , the bus stopped for 5 minutes and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a soft drink and offered her a chocolate .
This is how they started their conversation and , while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they had known each other for a long time ... they became attracted to each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning , so Michael offered to drop her at home and the girl accepted with a smile .
At that time , they did n't feel like parting but they had to and Michael dropped her home and returned to his own home .
Dear Sir ,
First of all , my name is Lorena and I am twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because all this year I have been at an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 . My partner and I organised water activities when the weather was good , . On the other hand , when the weather was bad we organised puzzle games , adventure games , etc .
The advertisement mentions work in the kitchens . Our summer camp was small because it was in a small town , so we had to cook children food and I was able to do it without problems .
Yours faithfully ,
It was a Seventh Day Adventist church , where the custom was to worship on Saturday .
Some years ago , people believed that private cars would be the main vehicles for getting around , but nowadays , due to the economic crisis , most people have changed their minds . They believe that public transport will be the main way to get around in the future for many reasons .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot of car accidents due to drivers being drunk .
I strongly believe that , in the near future , public transport will be the main vehicles for travelling around the world , safely and cheaply .
Michael had just woken up . He felt a little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchen for fresh water .
As he could n't sleep anymore , he got dressed and took his brother to the park .
His mother would probably be working . She was a realtor and would be selling a house .
While they were walking back home , they heard a journalist commenting on what incident had happened in the park .
Jackson stopped walking and was distracted by a beautiful dog Michael continued on his way , unaware that Jackson was n't following him .
And he wanted to share them with jack , but ...
However , they must be supervised , especially by their parents .
The internet has caused me depression once . I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in real life , but I learned how to deal with it .
I am afraid more people will go through the same thing .
Some people love shopping , and some people can not live without shopping .
Sportswear , elegant clothes and , of course , accessories .
Finally , people can experience the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which is really crowded from 19:00 till late .
Jack Pollard , a street fighter known as Crazy Dog , lives in downtown LA .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a private alley , he sees a shadow which gradually comes towards him .
At first , he does n't care but suddenly he sees it in front of him ; an owner - less shadow .
He turns his head to find the source of the shadow but ca n't find anything , so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
Hey , if it 's a joke , stop it , it 's not funny .
He realizes Crazy Dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year , but his body was not found .
Suddenly , he hears a weak voice whispering ; do not try to stop the shadow , let it kill the criminals or you 'll die .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage , quickly brushes it aside and sees a hole in the ground .
He goes inside it and discovers a half - decayed body that fits Mendez 's description .
I think since this idea is creative , people will like to watch it .
She knew what it meant . Jason was alive .
She loved him and no World War was able to separate them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming . It was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor , just like Jason 's father .
Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer to Jason , as fast as she could , because the postman was leaving in one hour .
She was so excited and happy . She did n't know what she could write to her lover , she realised that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
She could n't stop smiling because she had just realised that she would n't be alone anymore .
Moreover , from time to time , they prefer to leave the house without make - up and beautiful clothes .
What is more , I am sure that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is fame .
And celebrities know well that they have to be controversial , because that is the best way to achieve their lovely fame .
So , big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make - up to show themselves , to cause some juicy gossip about them , to gain fame in the easiest way .
Although I 'm an Italian native speaker , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore , last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia , so I can communicate quite well in your language .
They may hurt these people . They may ruin their lives just by using a bad word .
And also , it must be really uncomfortable for friends or family who go with you .
Of course , some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who do n't like it have the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them do n't exist .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking about private cars in a new , much safer and more ecological way .
Moreover , in large crowded cities , using the underground or buses is usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress for sad drivers during their commutes .
However , that is really close to being changed by Google 's Self - Drive Car , which is a new technology able to drive a car to any destination without human intervention .
My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and , at the same time , it is sour .
I want a kitten but my mom is allergic , so we ca n't have one .
I have a brother named Markus who wants to be a professional tennis player when he gets older . He is 17 years old .
My mom 's name is Katarina and she likes to sing . She turns 50 this year .
My dad 's name is Björn and he likes Tang So Do and swimming . He is 52 years old .
we haven't seen each other for a while , so you do n't know much about me lately .
Seems simple , but looks beautiful . Sometimes simplicity is the most perfect accessory .
Nowadays , people care more about themselves and doing good things is wrong for some of them !
I 'm sad when I see a nursing home but , you know , there , people will never say whether they do bad or good and , at the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
First , you have to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Italy , because if you do a full immersion tour of the entire Peninsula you will visit only half of all you have to visit .
If you decide to visit the north part , I think it would be good if you started from Trento and its new museum of nature called Muse .
It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( and so you can start from the top floor and then you go down , visiting other floors ) .
Then you must visit Venice , the city on the water where every part of the city is a little treasure .
If you like Egyptian history , you can go to Turin , where you can find a huge and beautiful museum of Ancient Egypt .
If you want to visit the south part of Italy , you must start your trip from Florence , the birthplace of the culture . Then you must go down to Rome , the capital city of my country .
After you have seen the Coliseum , the basilica of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain , and so on , you must visit Naples .
In that wonderful city , you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made of marble , and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really special , like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
If you are a little bit tired of all this touring , you can go to Sicily , where a beautiful and special landscape welcomes you .
The idea of finding a job that lasts three months is great .
In that way , you could improve your way to make a relationship with people and it could also be a great help for your theatrical experience .
Honestly , I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from there to let other people know about your talent .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care will be increasingly important with people getting older . Hence having enough money as a stable income can not be disregarded .
Especially in our hectic world , it is very important to find yourself and just listen to your body .
As a martial artist , you start to achieve great fitness and your balance will improve a lot , as well as your flexibility .
Many characteristics will increase immensely , such as confidence , self - defense or responsibility .
However , to see any improvements you should attend regularly and at least twice a week .
Due to my experience as a teacher , I am sure that I wo n't have any difficulty with organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
As well as taking part in activities relating to cooking .
In addition to this , I want to improve my English through my work and , in this way , be able to teach the children some basic skills in this universal language .
In my opinion , if you want to meet people of our age , I suggest going to the most famous areas or places in the city .
Although the weather can change more easily , so you should bring different kinds of clothes , both heavy and light .
At night , the noise was annoying . I was not able to rest properly .
In addition , the elevator was out of order .
It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion , this was a trick .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer your apologies and compensation for all the disturbance caused to me , I will go to the authorities .
When I was about three years old , we moved here , to Danderyd .
I lived in a yellow house , not far away from where I live now ( probably just five minutes ) until a year ago , when we moved to a much bigger house .
I live here with my wonderful family consisting of my mum , Aylin , my dad , Tom , my two really annoying brothers , Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats , Tiger and Smilla .
I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every day , together with my friends Tekla , Julia and Bianca .
On Monday and Thursday , I dance at a dance - school here , close to " Mörby Centrum " , called C - style .
Right now , I 'm actually on a riding course every Sunday .
I really like Spain . We have been there , like , six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the good fortune to be able to join him .
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at Östermalm called : " New Peeking " . It 's an Asian buffet and they make the best food .
My favorite book right now is : " The Fault in our Stars " , because it 's a really good subject and it is sad but a great story .
In the holidays and after school , I 'm often with my friends and family .
I have got my own camera . It 's a Canon .
I wanted to go out to her , so I opened the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
Suddenly , a powerful wind made the door blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .
My fingers were almost cut , off so my dad wrapped my fingers in a bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
They had to sew my finger , but in the end , everything went fine .
Three words that describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyal friend .
In Camden , every block has three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
The council collects , once a week , door to door , paper and organic waste .
For these reasons , I consider that doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in could be a good option .
In my case , I really like doing spinning . I used to do it only twice per week but now I do that any time I can .
I think that , in particular , spinning is a hard sports activity because when you have spent approximately 1 hour on your bike you 'll probably feel tired .
During the process , people work their legs a lot , mixing different positions and speeds . And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
If you want to lose weight , this type of sport is perfect because it belongs to the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food , whereas it is suitable for people that only do exercise for entertainment .
Furthermore , from the first time that I was in the gym , I have got to know nice and friendly sportsmen who try to give me advice not only on how to improve my techniques but on how to avoid injury too .
On the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose whether they want to go or not .
They finish school at the age of 23 - 24 , including further study without a chance of work or anything else .
These days , shopping has become one of the best ways to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone likes it .
For most men , shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for women it can be the best way to make their mood better , because they are so happy when they buy lots of clothes in a sale , cheaper than at the regular price .
Personally , I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like looking good .
So , for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I am trying on new clothes which suit me .
Nowadays , technology and society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than before .
First of all , it could be said that society is spending more time doing relaxing things , such as going to the beach or meeting friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people are becoming lazier .
In other words , it could be said that if we had more free time , our lives would become better , because we can enjoy ourselves with friends and do things with our family .
From my point of view , having free time is perfect , because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would increase .
I 've never been to London and , what 's more , I 'm scared of big cities , so I 'll literally stick to you wherever we go !
I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visit once I get there , for example , Piccadilly Circus .
If you manage to organize it beforehand , I 'll have the time to prepare all the soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
When I was 17 , I moved to Kyiv .
A few years ago , I worked as a literary editor .
First of all , I get less than 100 dollars for my work .
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some argue that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable . However , from where I stand , joining a sports team is undoubtedly the best choice .
For example , the champions of the Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia . The two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
They got to know each other because they both joined the same sports team , and then after exercising and playing together , they finally become two enviable friends .
In my opinion , he 's a hero of our times .
In my opinion , we need to thank people like him .
I am writing to you because I 've heard that you 're planning a trip to our city - Katowice .
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit myself to only one , I choose the centre of the city .
First of all , I have to show you our theatre and , if you want to , we can go on an art .
Fantastic actors perform in this theatre and I would like you to see their best play , which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
Besides brilliant actors , they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated as it is very near to the bus stop .
I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre . There you can enjoy yourselves and learn something about our city .
Some do not like , it but it is a personal business .
Finally , I am a master in the kitchen . I really enjoy making desserts and I was on a cooking course last summer . In fact , I have experience in the kitchen .
As I mentioned above I have experience in camps . I speak English , so I just want an opportunity to show you .
And I know my abilities with kids . I am a patient , confident and organized person .
Perhaps most important , I offer a history of proven results , so I am suitable for the job .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home , which takes about 10 minutes to go to on foot and I have 2 days off a week . That gives me the opportunity to take on a new job .
I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
We also made brilliant mini statues of a type of dinosaur . I did the T - Rex and my classmate assembled a Raptor .
My name is Claudia . I was born in Sweden .
My parents ' names are Jan - Erik and Jessika . I have one older sister and one older brother . They are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde . I have two dogs , Ebba and Leia . old .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listen to music . My favorite music type is rock and , of course , my favorite band is Green Day and , of course , then my favorite song is Stray Hearts ( Green Day ) .
I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins and Peter Pan , but I ca n't watch dog movies because if there 's something sad , like the dog dies , then I will cry .
My favorite books are , of course , all the Twilight books ( I ca n't choose one :3 )
If I 'm not doing that , then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
If you want to enter the hall of honor or enter the monument , it 's free , but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger than 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ .
Obviously , because in every story , book or movie , although heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
For example , in Terminator 's movies , the villain was always stronger and more equipped than the hero , but at the end of the movie , the righteous one wins the battle .
Before they start school , they have to finish preschool .
Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 years old , and after that , they start preschool .
So , if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school , at 6 years and a few months or 7 years and a few months .
Kortrijk is a small town located in the northern part of Belgium .
Kortrijk is near the French border , about 15 minutes away by car .
You can choose between different types of food , such as Japanese , Italian , French and many others .
Of course , you can eat the typically Belgian dish mussels with French fries .
In the last few years , a lot of building has been done in the area .
We had a number of problems . The first one concerns the number of beds . You offered space to sleep for six people , so we expected six beds , but we only had five .
So , two of us had to share a bed , which is hardly acceptable .
The other problem related to the offered excursions . You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain , as well as the visit to a historic castle ) were not available .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with food . In your brochure it said that we would have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one , which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
To sum it up , we were not very pleased with our holiday as we could not enjoy some of the things you promised to us in the brochure .
Anna Olsen and family
It requires a vivid imagination to try to put a view of the future . First of all , the means of transport will change . Vehicles will depend mainly on solar energy or nuclear energy . A flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work . You will need to supply your car with spinach after they invent a spinach - fuelled car .
Also , food will change in the future . Capsules of your favourite foods will be available in the future in mobile supermarkets . These capsules will turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on them .
In the future , water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime every day to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water . But the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
Of course , I think that we should n't watch too much television .
In the background , you can see the River Amur .
On the left , you can see people on an observation area .
Afterwards , we went for a walk .
When we were schoolgirls , we used to spend all our free time together .
Lots of modern messenger services like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk and chat as much as we want .
I am available in summer , whenever and wherever .
I have qualifications in teaching children . I am a graduate teacher from University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience of adventure sports . I like the country and mountains .
I have experience with children aged between 10 and 12 . I have worked in the South School Centre for two years .
I speak English very well , because my mother is from the UK and my father is from Canada . Although we lived in Spain , in our home we always spoke English .
I do not have experience of working in kitchens , but I like cooking . I live alone and I do the housework myself and the meals .
After so much time at school , some people think they need a break .
However , it could be a great time to work and earn some money to pay for university or simply for saving it .
On the other hand , maybe if we have a break before university , the routine of working and studying every day could break .
So when university starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and , as a consequence , the marks will be lower .
The year off should be taken after university studies .
By the same token , a single method could not solve the traffic problems , as driving offences are not the only things that cause traffic accidents .
People should be educated carefully about all the safety regulations and laws when they get their driving licence . The more they know the rules , the less risks are taken on the road .
In addition , cars require regular maintenance , such as oil change and checking tire pressures .
In conclusion , cars are convenient . However , they are not for everyone .
For many children , participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with children their own age and to feel like fully - fledged members of society .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time , and in addition , they are a daily expense .
This marvelous , tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences on modern society .
Last week , a friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and said that she thought it was a magic place .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe : comfortable chairs and sofas , beautiful features and really good - tasting coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think of .
At my age , it is very important to keep fit , so I cycle twice a week .
When I come back from my job in the afternoon , I put on something comfortable , take my bike and go away along the streets alone with my thoughts and no one can disturb me .
Whenever I go out with my bike , I stay on the road for two hours and I enjoy this time to myself so much that I 'd like to remain outside for ever .
For everyone who would like to start this sport , it is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you stay out and never give up .
They have never met their grandparents because their mom had a fight a long time ago with them , even before they both where born , that caused them not to know any more about each other .
Then both kids realize that something is going wrong with them ,
because sometimes they start acting really weird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to them . Then both kids understand that their grandparents are hiding a really big secret .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you . The movie reveals many things as it continues . It 's actually so good and , for those who are scared of thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
Therefore , the next day she took me back to the store . We found out that they did not have the same scruff because it was the only one .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff , this is the fun part about shopping in small stores : you can always find something unique .
Second , it is true that shopping in a shopping center is fast and convenient , because one can buy all types of things together .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in small stores because I am more likely to find the one and the only product , while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
On the other hand , there are some channels which show documentaries and programmes about specific subjects like science , math or history .
And there are musical channels , too .
Once again , please accept my compliments on a job well done . I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward to an even more successful event next year .
According to Russell and Norwing , robots are special machines that have intelligence to carry out activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
Negative impacts , such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of the environment , can be cited .
As we know , in all cities , a lot of cars are used every day unnecessarily .
If you wanted to go to the beach , I 'd tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches , because they are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
In Pantanal , the weather is hot and wet , and we can drive to the river deeper in the wood and see wild animals , like alligators .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese . None of those languages are as popular as English is .
Over 1 billion people around the world speak English as a second language . Because of that , it is considered the universal language .
Even though studying a language has become easier because of the internet , fluency is harder to achieve when you study by yourself .
But the daily duties which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her a strong will to succeed .
I am not as patient as a teacher has to be with all his students , although only some of them are naughty .
Many of my friends are teachers . They like their job despite the fact that they often have to deal with lively children or lazy students and difficult parents .
First , it is necessary for my job ; second , it is my hobby .
My pronunciation is not always correct , and as a result , I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Also , I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen . I have been cooking for large numbers of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
I will commit myself to doing my best to make your summer camp one of the best .
But this changed recently . I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive .
Also , travelling , of course , is a big part of the function of the car !
The very well developed highways , roads , and city streets provide a good foundation for cars . Look at North America , highways have been built everywhere . It 's really your loss if you do n't drive a car .
Second , people start to learn to drive at the age of 16 , and they can master driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) . Soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still driving to their destinations as they are used to it .
Third , public transportation sucks , when you think about it . You can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hassles of the public transportation transfers in your mind .
And driving your own car can be very convenient too ; it can go right to your own garage .
All in all , public transport is not as fast as a car can be , it 's not as convenient as a car can be , so its future is in doubt .
Life is full of good things . Why do n't we look to the full side of the cup instead of looking at the empty one ?
All of this will affect your life badly . Maybe you will lose your job or your health will not be good anymore .
Look around you , crimes and death are surrounding us . All these people are dreaming of living a peaceful life without all the problems of killing and sadness .
For that reason , I believe that being safe is absolutely better than being sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that life will go on and one day all of us will be satisfied with this life .
If I could change places for 24 hours with a famous person , I would like to be Paula Echevarria .
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain . They have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and has the perfect husband . But , above all , I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and always smiling .
Therefore , she has everything good about being a celebrity , but the most important is that she is a great person .
Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day , because not only is she a good professional , but she is also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds . This hobby is very pleasant for me and also for many people , especially when you have different kinds of singing birds like canaries or finches .
At present , I have three kinds of birds . One of them is a yellow canary , the second one is a finch , and the third one is a combination of two kinds of birds . Each bird has its own special voice .
I started this hobby in 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of singing birds . I spend one day in the week taking care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , changing the water .
I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it gives us the sense of nature and fills the house with joy and happiness .
In that case , there would be huge chaos .
Traffic jams will cost a lot , causing problems such as pollution , which certainly causes more health problems and will create expenses not only for us , but for others as well .
On the other hand , by increasing the population , we should revise the regulations with the fast pace of technology .
So , for sure , we will use public transport but maybe with some changes .
Apart from that , I get on well with children and have no problems with working in the kitchens too .
On the other hand , living abroad , you 'll need to speak English all the time and you 'll have the opportunity to learn English in a short time , and in a not boring way .
So , probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad for several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
In order to improve the time you spend on it , we will recommend you to star in one of our malls , where you can find at your disposal lots of facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
First of all , coming to a mall will help you to deal with them . Also , we have to rate positively the wide range of services you can find here : restaurants , coffee shops and some free areas to spare .
For all of you who have kids , you will also be interested in the different areas which take care of them for free for as much time as you need .
I would strongly recommend this during nap time , to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
In conclusion , you will save time , money and a foot ache . So accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of your time in the city .
I am going to write about a short story that I have read in the book " And all for love " .
Twenty - five years later , he regrets his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
I chose this story because even though this story was written in the early twentieth century , the underlying theme is still current today .
This group had a leader called Mario Casas , played by Antonio Banderas .
However , the first 17 days in the movie could become a bit tedious because the director focused on every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
After that lapse , the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment to rescue them started .
However , shopping can have a bad effect on our health , especially as we can feel tired or exhausted at the end of a hard day .
At the same time , there is one more opinion : that shopping is always enjoyable .
People claim that shopping can make our mood better , which in consequence will be fun .
As for me , I do n't agree with these people .
Quite often there is not enough air in the shopping centre and , as the result , you can get a headache or just feel bored .
In conclusion , I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and that 's not a surprise because we are all different .
For this reason , most people have the Internet at home .
Nowadays , it is very common to meet new people coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
But to learn new cultures , we must know their languages , especially if we want to travel .
Due to globalization , there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English , but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career opportunities and achieve top level positions .
In my opinion , it is very important to speak several languages , not only for the above reasons , but also to train your brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not
Unfortunately , it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adults , so it is extremely important to teach and to study them from kindergarten age .
The doorbell rang insistently . It was Saturday in the early morning and I was still in bed .
The last low sound of the doorbell managed to wake me up . " I am not dreaming " , I thought , " Who is ringing at this time?"Then I jumped out of bed and quickly went downstairs .
First I asked " Who is ringing so early ? What 's happening?Suddenly , a familiar voice shouted to me through the door .
You do n't think opening the door to your little brother"Oh brother ! , I shouted , and I ran to open the door . "
What are you doing here ? , "
What an amazing surprise ! I was very emotional and was about to cry . "
But you were in Ireland . What are you doing here ? I was n't expecting you . " "
I wanted to surprise you , sister ! I miss you .
It is sometimes very hard for me . " "
Oh , I miss you too and I was looking forward to seeing you .
I hope you are going to spend a lot of time now with me . " "
I'm on holiday from school . "
Also , it plays a great role in removing the borders between nations . In a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just to talk to a friend .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people , such us helping with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , email services such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
I think it is a bohemian way to travel too , because the train used to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in literature .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planes , because the media usually show plane accidents more often .
The ball is usually hit with the hands and arms , but also with any part of the body .
Nowadays , they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence . They begin to have a lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
I 'm going to write about obesity . A lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this has effects on their health .
I went to a workshop about a light - controlled synthesizer .
To get to the place they were holding the workshop in , you had to go to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
On the way there , everyone who participated in the workshop stopped to buy some snacks .
When we reached the workshop , the kids and I were told to put on protective glasses and given booklets with the instructions .
At first I was quite confused , but then one of the instructors came and helped me out .
After that , we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emits a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light , the synthesizer 's pitch rises .
In my first placement , I had to deal with lots of cases relating to the violation of children 's rights .
I worked voluntarily for some cases relating to juvenile justice , like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were in custody , custodial death etc . )
In my second placement , I had to do lots of administrative work , including typing .
The lecturer argues that , as a biologist , she used to see animals suffering without the appropriate amount of anesthesia .
Finally , the article says that the use of hydrogen is highly economical , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion - powered cars .
The professor says that the claim is untrue , because the material from which the cells are produced is very expensive .
She explains that platinum is very hard to find and , without this metal , it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of book , therefore , I have a quiet life .
As a result , I spent time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
The day of the concert , I was so nervous that I could n't stop walking .
At the end of the concert , everybody applauded . had I never felt so good .
He was murdered in 1968 , in Memphis . He was 39 years old .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the old town , as it has a medieval charm which attracts visitors at that time .
Overall , the majority of tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and , besides , it is very enjoyable to have a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around looking at the main clothes shops situated in the main street before going to the heritage town .
As you know , Moscow is the capital of the Russian Federation . It 's a very fast , energetic city with lots of things to do and to see .
Nowadays , artists of the Theater try to keep that old school and develop their mastery .
In addition , a few years ago , the Big Theater was restored and has regained its original appearance .
There is no need to describe all the sightseeing in Moscow . You can easily find it on the Internet . I just want to say that I 'm sure you 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow , you can visit the towns of the Gold Ring .
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band 's concert . It was really fun . The whole band line up played for about an hour and a half , but it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
People were really excited about the show . They just had three costume changes , but the show was amazing , and the lights and the sound were fantastic .
I could n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it . It was the best experience ever . I wish you could have been there to see that .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST MODE OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF AT CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION , SO WE WILL WALK TO MY HOME .
ABOUT THE WEATHER , I CAN SAY THAT NOW IT IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HEELS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
The student had a great number of assignments and projects , so he spent more time on accessing the library , becoming more ambitious to study books , and using a computer to search the for latest information .
Therefore , not only did he get high scores in the reports , having absorbed a great deal of knowledge at the library , but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gym .
I had a similar experience
when I studied at university . I sat in classes for hours every day .
When I finished classes , I liked to go to the health center , not only to do exercises , but to stay healthy .
At university , I also have a lot of assignments , so I like to go to the library to study , where it is more quiet , spacious and internet accessible .
It is a great life stage , but at the same time , it is difficult . Sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves . As a result , they do n't know what to choose .
Many times , when people leave high school and they go to University , they realise after several months that the course they had chosen is not for them .
On the other hand , when teenagers take a year off , it is helpful for them to become mature .
When students go to university after they have taken a year off , fewer people leave the course after several months because they know themselves better .
My grammar and writing are good , but as I 've said already , my pronunciation is awful .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and a one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday , and in addition , I 'd like to learn in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
Twenty years ago , no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become necessities of our daily lives . Nowadays , many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
Take genetic engineering as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more crops and meats ; on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways of producing more crops and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedented increase in the human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
My name is Stelios . I am a 15-year - old boy and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS . I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
As a result , I could be very helpful with organising sports and activities , but I could also provide assistance in other places , including the kitchen .
To conclude , I believe that I am ideal for the job and I would love to work with the USA SUMMER CAMPS , so the kids who go there can have their best summer holiday .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest from a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , there are some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into chaos and then the film starts to give some social and political messages .
The private companies try to keep all the public 's water , which is vital for living , rain is in danger ; even the rain …
If the government provided good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines , then people would rather use public transport than travel by car .
Nowadays , the world is facing big issues , like climate change and carbon emissions .
Many times , because of huge traffic congestion on the road , we waste our time , while using public transport like the Metro saves us time .
There are many cities in the world planning car free days and promoting the use of public transport .
In this fast - moving world , shopping is one of the most important things , but I strongly believe it is not always enjoyable .
In my opinion , this is the reason that shopping is not always enjoyable and full of pleasure .
There are such interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would never have expected or , unsurprisingly , misinformation .
In my experience , being in front of the screen of a personal computer , you will be able to express and exchange ideas or opinions as easily as if you have to in front of someone else .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
To give an example , I usually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , new seasons , and when they will be ready to watch again .
Whether they give us reliable information or not usually depends on the source .
To clarify what the situation is , it is true that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reading a blog can give people a practical way to communicate and share preferences , beliefs or thoughts . however , more or less reliable .
Finally , Peter ran to the car and went to pick Jon up .
Two hours later , they were in the emergency room of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were treating Jon ' s leg .
take part in it . I could help you with teaching math , together with computer programming ,
Currently , I am working as a python programmer .
Nowadays , I live in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
There , I studied Geology . When I finished my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in order to improve my English and travel around Scotland .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
I often try to play interesting games with the children . I think the games are a fun way to teach interesting things both to children and to older people . That is why I invent new methods to introduce science in the children 's lives .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " . With this game I showed them what chemistry is . We cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " sweets , then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught them what happens when you mix two substances .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like nature . I could teach them a lot of things about Geology , a camp is perfect for introducing the boys and girls to stones and minerals .
My name is Filip Jönsson . I 'm 13 years old .
I have a sister whose name is Andrea Jönsson . She 's 16 years old .
My parents are divorced .
Bonti is very old . She is 13 and she is feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive much longer .
We all have things in common , like riding scooters .
I have moved a lot in my life . As I said before , my parents are divorced and because of that I have moved a lot .
At our hotel there was like a water park . It was enormous .
We all liked it so much , so we are thinking about going back there sometime .
There was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . And , one day , my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
After a week , we went home .
My favorite book is " The Hunger Games " .
When I got it , I read it for five hours in a row .
But if you haven't read it , I suggest you read it .
My favorite TV series is called " Lost " .
It does actually remind me of my favorite video game , which is called " Minecraft " . You must have heard about it .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places and attending open - air activities , people also want to see the museums of the city they visit .
Observing these items , you can get an idea about the old times of the place you are visiting .
For instance , art museums include art collections such as paintings by many different artists .
Besides historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be a source of fun , including attractive activities .
If you are bored with seeing classical museums , you can go to thematic museums such as a natural history museum .
In addition to having lots of information , we also can have fun seeing interesting things in the museums , such as huge dinosaurs . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you visit .
Increasingly , people prefer to use public transport rather than drive a car for these reasons .
The last decades there has been a massive change in our lives . This is caused by the development of the internet .
These days , a lot of students are using the internet as a study tool .
The positive effect is that it is possible to be in contact with your friends and family whenever , wherever .
Also , it gives us the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
In fact , when I was sixteen years old , I began to go to the stadium with my friends every Sunday .
Every day in my town , people talk only about football because it can give you a lot of emotions .
In the morning , everyone goes to their job by car , but I think that the real reason for doing this is that we need to do a lot of things during the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason . It 's only a bad habit and maybe we could change it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking a bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and I also need my car to pick up my daughter from school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic . Then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
In my opinion , tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individual sports , because in these kinds of games everything depends on you .
In others sports , this is not the case .
For example , during a football match , if you make a mistake it is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy it , even if you do nothing .
If you want to start playing this sport , remember that when you are playing every point is important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning by a very big advantage , because , in a few minutes , you could lose the match .
For many years , we pupils have been waiting for a library .
For this purpose , we need a quiet place to study .
Moreover , pupils demand the possibility to borrow books .
Besides the issues that have already been mentioned , there is also the undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we pupils expect the positive consideration of our request .
But how will people 's lives change in the next 50 years ?
First of all , as we said before , people 's lives have changed due to two important elements , which are technological improvements and changes in society .
The first one is very obvious because , every day , researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new inventions and improve the old ones .
For example , one of the most important devices that has taken an important role in our lives is the mobile phone , which has changed extremely fast over the last ten years .
Another example is cars , which are going the same way as the mobile phone has done .
The second one is very important too , because society has changed a lot as well as people 's minds .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that have helped to change people 's lives , such as political decisions , global wars and global economic problems , etc .
The most interesting is the art gallery , Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centre .
What 's more , in the middle of the building , there is a small library where people usually buy the latest books and papers .
In my opinion , the art gallery , Oko Miasta , would be the best place you could visit with your group .
In order to score , you should push a small white plastic ball into the goal using a stick .
In my opinion , grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requires you to be really focused on hitting the ball correctly .
Besides , when you play it , you must move your whole body , because you have to run and guide the ball over the field .
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you , I recommend you to buy a pair of good grass boots .
And do n't worry if you are not good at sports that involve using a tool , you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
My sister should definitely close her windows . I am going out of this house . I should leave this cat here and let it ruin her things " .
The vacation starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend , creating an experience you will never forget .
When the plane arrives at the airport in Miami , you can appreciate the beautiful view that this place offers .
Secondly , the entrance to Disney is incredible and colorful . It also has the main characters in it .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bored , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable time on the roller - coasters .
For the sake of that , public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
For the above reasons , I suspect that the share of public transport wo n't decrease , but will rather increase in the future .
For example , car sharing could increase in the city .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film , I would say , comedy and action ones are the most appealing to me , if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
Recently , I saw two pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that held my attention from the first minute .
Honestly , they lasted for 3 hours , but the most impressive of all this is that they were able to create a single world between me and the screen for all that time .
All I expect in a film is the way they establish connections between the actors and the audience in a way that allows them to play with the characters as if they were puppets and to create a coherent and attractive film .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children in how to play football for a football championship . Within the summer camps , I also organized other activities such as climbing , running , competitions , expeditions and other movement .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Because of him , I am what I am .
I think everybody knows the importance of having a person who is always there .
We met years ago , when we were babies , because our mothers were and are good friends .
As you might think , he is a very straight person who knows what he wants .
For me , a good person to speak with about everything , especially about my problems .
Although we have many different views on life , we understand each other and are best friends .
Of course , during these events all the world watches them .
I do n't usually watch sports competitions . I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
I do n't want to appear too rigid , but I 've seen too many times how people forget the real problems and think only about this thing .
The point is that we have to make the world better , not just sometimes , but forever .
During these events , people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the countries love each other without showing racist feelings .
Whereas , often , we see bad behavior .
Probably we , as the human race , need this kind of thing .
In my opinion , we have to deal with a lot of other important points related to our culture .
When I was young , we used to have a piano in our dining room because my mother used to play it .
Powders , by adhering physically to the fingerprint residue develop the latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingerprints . Developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingerprints , ninhydrin reacting with amino acid of the fingerprint and developing the latent marks . Single and multi - metal deposition methods work on the principle of deposition and result in the negative development of latent marks .
So , from powders to chemicals , all are in the public eye .
As we all know , they are an essential part of our life .
What is more , if you want to get rid of depression or stress , go to the gym .
According to scientific research , mental health is closely connected to physical health .
To sum up , I believe that if you want to be mentally and physically fit , you should try to do some sport and exercise . Also , do not worry if you are not so good at it , just keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
Although herbal medicines have significantly performed well in the treatment and management of illness , people have increasingly consumed these products via self - directed therapy .
However , I 'm not referring to the musical , nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the relevant one .
It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen , but on a minor scale .
I think people who read the book ( written by Victor Hugo ) who are interested in this historical incident , or who merely want to analyse human relationships must see the movie .
In fact , he was wearing a black suit and a lovely linen tie .
Then Robert smiled and giving his hand towards hers , said : ' I have missed you a lot ' .
Personally , for me , shopping is very pleasant , but sometimes it can be a little tiring .
In my opinion , there are a few advantages of shopping .
Another good point of shopping is the fact that it could be relaxing for some people .
Michael was a 23-year - old boy who wanted to be a famous artist .
He had great talent , but no one understood his creative mind .
Everyone considered him a crazy and boring guy obsessed by his passion , except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to give up his dream .
At that time , Kate was working in an international advertising agency .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutionary at the same time , something that could give a new vision of reality , and Kate started to offer some information about many artists .
One night she was working at home . She was in difficulty because no one satisfied her clients .
After lots of meetings and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , the USA and Oceania , Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child .
One day , the two friends had a terrible argument .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people can spend their time outdoors and have fun all day before going out , such a park is called San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people usually have barbecues there after they have done some water sport or rented a boat .
In addition , there is a lot of public transport which can drop you off in front of the park .
We have an active nightlife in this city . Live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had good movie listings .
In my opinion , fame is a need for actors and musicians in popular culture .
It is my pleasure to write a recommendation letter for Mr
I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University , as an undergraduate student .
Indeed , I consider Mr
Later , his parents became very angry and even beat him for his mischief .
The film was the last movie starring Paul Walker as , during the film production process , he passed away due to a car accident .
I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson . You promised me you would never give up ! You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you achieved it .
You 've kept working on it for almost your entire life now and , although you have not become a professional one , you have never given up .
When I first introduced you to it , you were quite sceptical of your possible achievements .
But again , you never gave up and now you play in the 3rd Orchestra in Town , which shows how big you are .
Proof not only that you are very determined , but that piano playing was meant to be .
As you asked for my take , what I tried to do was nothing but think of you as if you were my son .
Then , once we got on the car , I 'd let the music we had planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any words .
At that point , I would let his talking go on without stopping him through interruption .
By now , he will be able to answer for himself many questions he 's been troubled by .
Perhaps the next day , he wo n't even be able to recall what the talk was about , but I 'm pretty sure that after all this , deep down in himself he will know what the best move to make is ! !
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the summer , because in the water you can cool down .
Everyone should do a sport . When you are doing it , you do n't think about anything else .
Try to imagine if everyone in the city had his or her own vehicle . We would always be late due to the terrible traffic jams .
In conclusion , public transportation will still play an important role in transportation in a city , unless environmentally - friendly vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well to accommodate a huge number of cars .
There are some people that spend too much of their time doing nothing useful , although others may say that it helps to be more relaxed in their lives .
I started to feel bored with the complementary courses on my curriculum because they were the kind of courses that did n't have any relevance to my university course , which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Law , and so on .
But later , when I graduated , I realized how important those subjects were .
For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city . He was required to run around the pool for 30 minutes .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment , even though you do n't like them .
If you do essential things , you gain time in your life at the same time .
If you would rather avoid essential or required things , you 'll miss many chances to succeed .
For example , paper or the wheel .
Overall , people are divided as to what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity . I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of history like paper or the wheel did , it changes every aspect of a human 's life .
Personally , I prefer different movies .
Most of the time , I like to watch comedies , love stories and adventure movies because these types of films can help me relax after a hard working day .
Therefore , I feel more peaceful when I view something funny , adventurous and undemanding .
Movie companies offer all kinds of movies , so everybody can choose something that they like .
As you said , the safety of the students is our main concern . We must be completely sure that you will take care of them , chiefly because most of the students are still young and we have a strong commitment to their parents .
In my view , using public transport in this case has two important advantages : the first one is you do n't have to worry about parking ; the second one is you can move in a relaxed way , reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the price of petrol is continuously rising , but also because you have to pay high taxes for the car .
Is it true that there is no future for public transport ?
As I see it , there are several ways to improve , it because we are trying to invent a lot of things every day .
You may not think , it but when you are just thinking , you may have the chance to invent something new and useful for humanity .
Inventors work years to achieve their goals . They are working on their projects every day , like you .
In conclusion , we have a lot of things to improve .
We can also help by paying for our tickets . Yes , this is simple , but these companies need money to improve their businesses .
In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing for most people , but it was for her .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides her not having got married , her sister had died in a car accident . It had been a terrible accident . Her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crashed into a tree .
If I had known that there would be so many problems , I 'd have gone abroad instead to get married .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape . I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time . Then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them . I like her and she likes me so , we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how , but some guys got into my room and started to record me with the girl and I did n't notice . Then many days later , I received a call from a guy who told me that he had a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I did n't give him some money he would put that video on the Internet .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema . He has been my friend for many years , but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys , so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
The British band announced that the album was coming with news ; a new singer , Bruce Dickison , joined the group and made the fans completely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .
Most of the songs show demoniac features , causing serious concerns in the media .
In this album , the drummer was really great and fantastic electric guitar solos were performed too .
I 'd say that was their best album and , obviously , they rock .
I live in Chennai , one of the most populated cities in India , perhaps one of the most polluted cities in India too .
The infrastructure built for controlling and maintaining the environmental ecosystem is bad . In other words , the government and people do not care about the environment , rather they spoil the environment .
The government always say they are doing their best to improve the environment but nothing is done . Perhaps they are mismanaging people 's money in terms of various projects that control the pollution of the city .
They pollute more than factories do , by using plastic materials , disposing of waste in public places , and some people even tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Although many factories and people are polluting the environment drastically , some people and organizations are protecting the environment , but most often these people are discriminated against by society .
But they do n't care about this and continue with their work . Often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generations and have made some people change the way they look at the city , but often , most people do n't care about what they try to say and sometimes these people are scolded .
So far , people do n't understand the consequences of pollution , but within a decade they will suffer and understand the consequences of pollution in their life for sure .
In addition to this , I go to the gym three times a fortnight and I have taken swimming lessons for 3 years .
Also , I have taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
I think that I deserve to have a job here because , with my swimming and climbing knowledge , I can entertain the children .
And in order to help them defend themselves , I can also teach them some techniques for self - defense .
Anyway , I hope I will get the job , and I am able to attend an interview at half past nine on Saturday .
Since he took up office in 2002 , Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking more than forty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
To curb corruption , new laws were created , institutions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society .
Minority groups received more attention to protect their rights and investments in education , health and well - being increased .
For the poorest Brazilians , Lula and his history is something to be proud of .
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , privileged , university - educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
By the way , I have experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because , at university , I did a course in Public Relations .
If you want to see my reports , I can send you them whenever you want or , if you prefer to ask my teachers about me , I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
My teachers have said to me that , if you want , they can write a letter about my experience .
In my country , people go to work in their own cars .
If you go by train , you need a ticket that 's not very cheap !
You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit in ; sometimes the trains are full of people and you have to stand the whole way !
I think it 's true that travelling by car will be more popular .
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
It would bug me if someone did n't read it , saying that it is a porn novel .
Another interesting redevelopment is that the factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way , so was the Church , which was pulled down to be replaced by a pub .
Thus , it is a game with a combination of mental and physical skills .
It would be better , of course , to join a club or to get a trainer to guide you .
I do n't exactly understand why people want to learn about the private lives of politicians and film stars ,
I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life , even if they are famous .
For example , they want to see well - known people with their boyfriend / girlfriend or want to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
The media make use of this interest and , thanks to this , make a lot of money .
The President of the United States of America , Mackinley , says that , regarding Cuba , he will not meddle until December .
The " Times " newspaper publishes an intercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador , Dupuy de Lowe , that will make him resign due to what he wrote about the USA .
Next , to the explosion of the North American steamer , Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures us that it could n't have been done from the outside , but must have been done from the inside .
The 21st of April EEUU denies Spanish sovereignty of Cuba . The 23rd of April , Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and on the 25th , the USA declares war on Spain .
So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person , but also affects your society .
But the problem is , I do really care about my friends , so I always say " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't want to disappoint them .
This way , you have the chance to relax and to think about what is best for you in the future .
I 'm going to make you a very nice itinerary and , hopefully , we 'll also find somewhere for you to work .
First , I advise you to come and visit my hometown , because it is a nice one .
We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadel , and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
Then we can go visit the Fortress in Sighisoara , which is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
On the next days , we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
I also recommend you to visit Brasov and The Black Church , The Peles Castle and , why not , The Black Sea ?
My husband is so annoying . Sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is to eat and sleep .
He says I shop too much , but the fact is , he does n't want to spend money , he has stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he has stopped being romantic .
On top of all of that , he keeps asking why I have changed with him !
The fact is , he is not the same man I married and that issue upsets me so much .
He keeps saying " I love you " but I do n't feel it any more . I sacrificed my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him , but it seems like it was one huge mistake , as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised to be .
Anyway , I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once , especially since we have the most amazing reason to live for ; it 's our beautiful son , our angel and the amazing love of our lives .
Although some people would suggest that such a service has no future because people rely more on the car , as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has a future .
We all need a shelter where we can hide from daily difficulties .
What is more , celebrities , like ordinary people , need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationships with others .
Like ordinary people , they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelings with .
They can gain fame and admiration thanks to their skills , but their stage personality is more like a powerful creation .
Sometimes , in everyday life , they are not even interesting in terms of character and appearance .
That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars , who are assessed all the time by society .
Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people , because most of them go to study abroad and work in foreign countries .
I believe that knowing more languages is always better . That way , people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
In conclusion , learning languages may be very handy , but can also be a time - wasting activity .
I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first - hand knowledge of organising sports and activities .
On the 5th day of his trip , he hiked up a very high mountain , but weirdly , he never saw any people .
About 1 hour after he started to hike , he saw a big cave and there was a cozy yellow glow inside the cave .
That feeling tells you what you will feel inside the room " .
I think that everybody deserves privacy , including famous people .
For example , when a fan follows a cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredictable , or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
Yesterday , I saw in a magazine a photo of Sarah Jessica Parker in which she was walking with her dog .
Years ago , we used to get through to other people by ringing them up or texting messages via our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate via social networks such as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news and social issues via Twitter instead of newspapers , for instance . It 's common to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings the news on their smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues via Facebook pages , which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes , such as political discussions , strikes , the economy ... As far I am concerned , the present - day population knows more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
You can follow your favourite celebrities and have direct interaction , but this also has negative consequences such as some followers criticise them .
He has everything : the looks , the brains and the charm , but he has never felt contented .
He thinks that life 's a game and he should surely win , whatever it takes .
One day , in the silence of nowhere , while Celine was reading a book , she felt someone beside her .
She 's gorgeous . If she would only take off her glasses maybe other people would notice it too . '
One of the things she knew about him was that Michael loves to surprise people . That 's why she wanted to surprise him too .
I ca n't wait to have that car of yours ' , Michael said .
The next day , when Michael was in his pad watching TV , he heard his door bell ring . He was surprised to receive a visitor now .
He would like to invite Celine , but he knew she would refuse him again and he was not ready to be alone with her .
Maybe he 's too cowardly to admit it , but yes , he 's in love with Celine .
He knew how Celine loved having her privacy . He knew the moment he admitted to everyone that he loved her , she would never have her normal life anymore .
When he opened the door , he was more surprised to see who was at the door .
I love you so much ' Michael blurted out after what they did , then hugged her .
He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders . "
Is it raining ? , "
Everything was just a bet , right ? ' Celine said .
I 'm going to dress now ' , Celine added .
The next thing he knew was that she was gone , not only from his pad , but also from his life .
Micheal decided to get dressed . He was on his way to the door when he saw a box of things he had given to Celine .
These days , shopping is one of the most important parts of life .
Things are getting more and more expensive and I am really disappointed when I must go out of the shop with nothing and , furthermore , it gives me a great amount of sadness .
The last , but not least , reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a long way to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
Of course , I could go to a few different shops , but without a driving license , travelling is a tough task .
It is a sophisticated building , full of details everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully designed according to that period .
During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the building , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that are the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and during the night .
In big cities , there 's a similar sport called basketball and this one is more for boys .
Then our trainer , Nico , shows us a lot of tips and tricks .
In winter , we have some games every two weeks , where our friends are visitors .
In the last season , we reached second place .
To sum up , I hope to see you soon at a game .
It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different , though they are uniformly the same size .
In the future , some dangerous diseases such as cancer or aids will be cured , and there will be no worries about them .
And this story is told from the point of view of Leo Colston , the main character .
So , there he meets the gorgeous eldest sister of Marcus and he immediately falls in love and from then the go - between appears in the story .
I think everyone will enjoy this book because it shows a typical way of behaving in the 20th century ; their daily - routines and the things they do to have fun .
This paper is a review of scientific research , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others , with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
All the same , a car is also a necessity today , because very often it is the only means to get to where you need to go .
When we arrived , we saw the old house where Michael lived .
When we got inside his house , we saw a lot of old portraits on his wall . It was like a horror movie !
They were Michael 's parents . His father was dead , but his mum was n't .
When we saw that , we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
We never saw him again . I think that when Michael closed the door , he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It was long time ago that I read this book , but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
After she finds out that her mother has committed suicide because of some kind of fraud , she decides to avenge her but she end up in prison .
After she comes out , she decides to take another revenge for the same reason .
I would recommend this book to people of all ages , because it has something for everyone .
In addition , we were also taught how to organize sports and activities for them in a way they will enjoy .
I did n't expect to find anything else but sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water in leagues of wasteland ; the oasis of Faiyum .
When I managed to reach the outside , I had a taxi waiting for me , probably sent by my mother , so at least I did n't have to look for another one in the stifling heat of the city .
I reached the hotel well in the afternoon . Nevertheless , the air was still oppressive and hot like at midday .
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping for clothes in the city , as well as some recommendations .
If the idea of a street market does not seduce you , I recommend you visit a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other accessories , such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
I recommend having a look inside , just in case .
By contrast , if you are more keen to save money , the best option is the street market .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and making comparisons of price and quality .
In the " Culture Centre " , your young visitors will be able to attend daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " , they will have an opportunity to take part in many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
When I think about food , the first thought that comes to my mind is ham . It brings back memories of Christmas 2012 .
In recent years , I have been buying ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but above all , I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
It was an unforgettable moment . I was looking at her , slightly excited because she was eating alone without help and fast , which was and still is , unusual coming from her .
Unfortunately , it 's not possible because of the costs that the Economic System would be compelled to support .
So , people often prefer using the car and paying for petrol instead of a bus ticket because of having more advantages : not being forced to wait for the buses and not having to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example .
So I think that , soon , cars will take the place of public transport .
In the beginning , one of them looks for a job by asking his sister 's boyfriend , but fortunately , his friend convinces him to find another job .
Of course , they are much older than the other candidates , and when the staff check their CVs only one member confirmed their candidature .
Despite everything , they could take part in the competition .
The Google agency invites a lot of people and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
Of course , when the groups arrange themselves , the two old men remain alone and they are forced to create a group with the discards .
This film is interesting because it drafts work problems , but not only this , it also shows some important values , like the importance of solidarity , group cohesion and the importance of not losing faith in dreams , even if the situation is withstands .
Of course , there are also negative observations about this film . For example , there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story . They are n't interesting and they last too long .
In addition , some situations in the film are taken from High School Movie .
In conclusion , this film is plain and a little discounted but , at the same time , a light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
You should bring summer clothes , because it 's very hot at his time of the year , and some jackets , since the north of this country can be a little chilly too .
It may help you to choose what to study at university , as I know you haven't decided yet .
I have included for you the name in this e - mail . I think you should take a look !
Please tell me when you make a decision .
For me , this is very pleasant because I like being with children and it is a challenge for me .
Moreover , I am very active and hardworking , as you request .
In addition , I am very funny and I am always joking .
Also , I feel that I can be a positive incorporation in the Summer Camps .
The house in which we will live in the future will be full of complicated - to - use computers and robots .
Robots will , of course , be remarkable , which will help us with everyday chores , for instance , by cooking delicious dishes , cleaning everything in the house or even washing and ironing clothes .
To be perfectly honest , every human being dreams of the home of the future and every dream is individual , but in the future , will our dreams come true ?
There is a nice old chateau and a lot of animals which are from all over the world .
You can see , for example , tigers , lions , zebras , birds , penguins or horses .
Please write back to me and tell me if you liked the zoo or if you went to another place .
In my opinion , sometimes stars ' behaviour is very surprising .
On the one hand , famous people want to protect their private life , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
First of all , being on the covers of newspapers and magazines helps them make themselves more attractive to directors .
Film stars have very duties , for example , going to the parties organized by other people from show business .
Dear Jeff ,
My favourite TV shows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fox Sport " and " The Simpsons " . All these except " The Simpsons " are about sports , mainly football , basketball and rugby .
And I would like to know what is the most popular programme among teenagers in your country .
You are very lucky in choosing a life partner . I have seen your life partner . She is so beautiful . You both have a perfect match .
Once more . I am sorry .
I am sending you a gift . Please accept it .
The summer holiday was quite long ; nearly two months .
Nowadays , our standard of living has become higher .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
That 's why people choose to travel by car , because it is more convenient and faster .
I have one big sister , Anisa . She is 18 years old , and I also have two younger sisters ; Alicia , 8 years old and Isabel , 4 years old .
If you do not have time to help with those kinds of activities , there is a rule you must follow .
Therefore , the bactericidal effect of garlic can probably explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant could help in some illness treatments .
It can explain , too , why the use of garlic was a good option to prevent gangrene in WWI .
Therefore , including garlic in the diet can really be beneficial for health , as some cultures believed .
How many of us today are really into helping the environment ?
I recently joined a campaign program in Manila , Philippines , dedicated to protecting and preserving our natural resources .
At home , I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic waste .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
Learning languages is increasingly important in the teaching sector , so I want to improve it .
I think my weak points are speaking and listening skills . Nevertheless , I would also be interested in working over writing and grammar points .
Although I am in my late forties I am still very active , so I like practising sports , music and going to the cinema as well .
One day , he went out with a couple of friends . They went to a night club called " Miami beach " . They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes off him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
She was very kind and she was smiling all the time . He offered her a drink and late in the night they went to her house , where they spent the night together .
Moved by my curiosity , I dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
I did n't know what I was going to find at the end of my hunt , but that idea made the situation even more exciting .
A few meters ahead , I saw a blinding light and I realized that I was n't alone because I could hear the sound of music and people talking .
Dazzled by the sun , when I opened my eyes , i realized that I was in a wonderful funfair .
I know you 're looking for an interesting place to visit , so I want to offer you a place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and have a great time with your group .
On the face of it , it sounds childish , but I think it 's a good way to spend free time , even for adults .
The amusement park and aqua park are located close the centre , so you do n't have to go far away .
The difference is , the good part will be kept while the bad part will be destroyed .
Anyway , if you want to know my level , I can tell you I 've finished level B1 .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) . Therefore , we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more , but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Calderón are young still .
Indeed , his team was almost at the bottom of the NBA teams , whereas they are in the middle position now .
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) , but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points have served as a lever to his team , which has improved dramatically .
He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 years old , and he began in our national team when he was 17 years old .
His current team is preparing him physically in the gym . His physical form has improved a lot and now he is faster , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
The " Di Roma restaurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village , " Monção " . It is very popular with teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
Sitting at any table , you have a wonderful view of the workshop - like kitchen , where you can see the chefs working , so you can see how they make the food that you will eat .
The chefs take great care in selecting the best - quality ingredients .
The service is always great . The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is made . While clients are waiting they always give them some Indian food .
For this reason , I highly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gas which , if everybody took their car instead of taking public transport , would pollute the atmosphere .
Secondly , travelling on public transport makes it much easier to travel in rush hours or in those periods in which you should not take your car .
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or on a motorbike and also because you are much more relaxed than in a car and it saves time , too .
To conclude , public transport is good for the environment , it makes it much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some ways , saves lives .
For those reasons and some others , I think that public transport should be here for many years to come .
Because Danderyd is n't in the city , it 's very much nature and nice people .
Anyway , about one thousand years ago , Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway were Vikings .
The Vikings were feared by most people in Europe , but they were also merchants and explorers .
If you are at the most northern part of Sweden , it 's always day in the summer and always night in the winter .
Also , when it 's winter you can see something called the northern lights .
There is also another free program that is called Skype , where you can talk to each other and text each other totally free !
In Sweden , gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that has made a game called BF , or Battle Field .
Even though we have a lot to be proud of , we need to make a lot of things better .
In Sweden , we have a lot of different people from different cultures .
Not the majority , of course , but there are many racists .
Also , as I said before , we need more jobs .
You are dependent on schedules when you use public means of transport . That is to say you can not begin your journey when you want .
All this makes using a car much more convenient , due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straightaway from the very door of your own house .
When you go by car you can control your timing , stop at will , and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you , while on public transport you have to pay for a ticket for every single passenger .
Anyway , to tell you the truth , I 'd rather take a train . For instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travel " chess , meeting new people , like on a stage coach but moving faster .
Throughout my work history and studies , I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills , which I believe are crucial skills in an administrative position .
I do n't know what I have to say , but the only thing that I know is that my English pronunciation is not very good .
I want to tell her so many things about my feelings towards her , but I do n't know how to say that .
Now I have decided to improve my writing skills , because once they have improved , I will be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
So , now I have two main goals .
The first one is to study a lot of grammar lessons , and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
Thank you for sending me the corrected form of my writing , and I really appreciate that very much .
His name is Mohamed , but he is usually called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the country where he works .
Mohamed is from Senegal . He is 33 years old , and graduated in education with a Master 's in education for children and people with special needs .
He completed his studies six years ago , but since then he has been unable to find proper employment in his country .
Therefore , he decided to migrate , looking for better job opportunities .
However , nowadays , even in rich Western Europe , many highly qualified European graduates struggle to find employment .
I am a passionate reader , in particular of thrillers and French poetry .
My passion for travel goes back years to when I was just a child . As I am a curious person , I like tasting new foods and discovering new places .
I like to think of myself as a go - getter , so I always try to keep myself active .
I am not a class act , yet I try to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am the mover and shaker of the group .
However , as I tend to be set in my ways , sometimes I can appear a know - it - all or too pragmatic .
Therefore , I think this experience of three months could offer me a unique chance to grow as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
Indeed , following a routine of work would allow me to put my mind in gear and study two or three hours a day .
In addition , this project is probably the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
A couple of years ago , I spent a couple of weeks in Bright with Ef .
During that period , I shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
Therefore , I would be more than willing to share this experience with another student .
Last year , I did some graphic design for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
In addition , last year , I participated in a work placement at the ASL in Rivoli .
For example , when they find what they want , or find something in a smaller size , or just find a trifle and are happy .
As we know , for women shopping is the best way to relax , but for men , it is just torture .
One is that people may be stuck in traffic jams during the rush hours . The second is the more vehicles there are on the roads , the more exhaust fumes will be emitted into the air . The last and the most important problem is that the gas and oil would be depleted .
As a result , I think traveling only by car is not a wise choice for the earth , although it is convenient .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and humans ' environment , such as riding a bicycle or waiting for an environmentally - friendly car to be invented .
In addition , most people are not used to walking even short distances .
In big cities , people live a more isolated life and are always in a hurry .
Those people who have mental or other serious illnesses are n't allowed or are not able to drive a car . For them , the public transport system is necessary .
Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' lives and it is less about convenience , even if travelling by car means you do n't need to deal with other passengers .
I 'm from Ecuador , a country surrounded by a great number of natural resources .
We are an underdeveloped country , as other countries say , a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
Because we see developed countries and the way that they use resources .
We see what they really are ; the underdeveloped countries that they are .
Seeing all of that , we will change our future , doing different things than they have done .
Recently , my country has started to develop its resources , our renewable energy , such as wind , solar , hydro - electric power , geothermal energy .
Starting to develop our nation is in effect starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better life . But if we started to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need for energy would be decreased .
Also , it is a big opportunity to help them .
Nowadays , my country has started to build a great number of hydroelectric and wind parks and we are also starting to think about geothermal energy .
All of them require further studies to be done and , with that , we could find out the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
Implementation takes time and money , but if the project does not work , all of that could be spent in vain .
As I said before , all of this needs time and a great number of studies .
Done in a good way , the implementation of projects helps to improve citizens ' lives .
I live in one of the most polluted cities in India , which is also the capital of India , i.e. Delhi .
I really enjoy soap operas I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion , the best one is an English one called Fawlty Towers .
There are four main characters : the hotel owner , a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers , a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
It was a short soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end , it seems like you have known them for a long time .
Thus , the sea level will go up to influence the climate , leading to warmer days in the whole world .
I 'm looking for a language centre which prepares students to take the Cambridge exams , especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've learned about your classes and your method seems efficient .
So , I wonder if I could apply to one of your courses ?
I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practise my English language , but I need to improve my spelling and my writing as well .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise !
I met her in second grade . We were queuing to go into class . That was the moment I saw her .
At that time , I did n't have many friends . She helped me to overcome my problems and trust myself .
8 years later , she has become my best friend , my lost sister , my complement .
Once he finds one , he pulls up the car and goes as fast as he can to get some money .
Hopefully , next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this happening again .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transport , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another , which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
Many dogs , for example , help their owners and protect them from many dangers .
For example , my friend has a dog . One day when they were on his farm .
A snake tried to bite my friend but his dog , at the last moment , saved him and took that snake away .
For that reason , I appreciate my pets as if they are my friends .
They feel , as if they were humans .
They will never try to hurt any human being , so why do people try to hurt them ?
He always tells me that " we " are fine , referring to him and his cat .
After seeing how this old man lives alone with his cat without suffering from loneliness ,
I do not mind or fear living alone anymore , as I have my friend , which is my cat .
Since they are creatures like us , they have souls and feelings .
I liked my project a lot and I wanted to continue with it , but my project manager was worried .
It was my boss . He told me : " Go ahead ! , the project continues ! " .
Thanks to a crowd - funding campaign , we obtained the minimum funds to develop our innovate work .
He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework , so , he ran back home quickly , and started finishing his homework .
While Peter was doing his homework , his best friend , Tommy , invited Peter to play football at night .
After that , he took a deep breath on his bed and made his final decision . He decided to keep on doing his homework and project .
The day before , all the clothes which were inside the suitcase had been laid out on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
She had been trying to find a job for a year , but she was n't lucky at all .
She was a graduate , had even studied a Master 's , and she had nothing to lose .
They think that a famous person has a marvellous life with no problems , no duties or worries .
They ca n't go to the cinema or theatre , or just go for a walk without being recognised .
No matter where a famous person goes , he must realize that , next day , he will be on the front page of the newspapers with lots of rumours .
In my opinion , journalists and other people should accept and respect it and sometimes they should just let go .
So , I think that they must have known about the consequences and should just live as they like .
The first was in a bar owned by my uncle , and the second , in a local restaurant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
The name of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related to the dimensions of the building ; the second reason is because near there is a bronze statue .
In 1990 the Colosseum was put onto the list of the heritage of humanity by UNESCO , while in 2007 it was included among the new Seven Wonders of the World .
The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages . In ancient times it was used for gladiator shows and for other public shows .
Finally , I can say that the Colosseum is a fantastic building as much for beauty as for importance , and if a tourist is coming to Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum .
There were not enough brushes and paints for all the students ,
The hotel would be luxurious but everybody could come because the prices would be low , so the hotel would be always full . I think that many people want to go to a luxurious hotel but they ca n't .
The hotel would have many services and facilities , like a good reception , spa , wifi connection and pay - per - view TV in the rooms , a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea .
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important thing is that the people are happy in their accommodation . If they are happy they will return next year .
After the show , I was introduced to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
Anyway , that is only one side . What do we know about the flipside of fame ?
It all began on a rainy morning in July . School 's out for 10 days and , as a result of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to spend the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
In the end , the party turned out a success . For Michael it was the beginning of his popularity .
But the house was destroyed and the neighbours , furred for the confusion caused during the night , had called the police , who , without his knowledge , were waiting outside the house to take him to the police station .
After everything that had happened , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Peter ,
I 've just finished my teaching degree and I have experience in schools . Could you send me a webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
If you have days off , I hope we can meet at the road and join me .
Think about your family . Is it important to you ?
It should be , because it helped you to be what you are today !
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my niece and clean my bedroom . It 's not much .
Nowadays , environmental issues have become a great concern for scientists , as the problem is growing .
All in all , it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resources will be done .
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
then let your wife make the decision . Finally , if you have broken up recently , then do n't do anything . Just light up your cigarette and hang out with your ex - girlfriend ,
okay , let us get back to the decorating .
At classes , everyone was very kind to her .
After some hours in a shopping centre , the girls were very happy .
Above all , car travel is not only convenient , but also free in your journey , which leads public transportation to a fading future .
I had never felt so nervous when , about six months ago , I finally decided to sit the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
Because we did n't live in any English speaking country , we tried as much as possible to create an English - speaking environment .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfields . That is why I want to get a master 's degree abroad , or a PhD at my university .
Besides that , throughout my university education , I have been a participant at scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my studies .
For example , I have successfully completed the " Offshore Drilling " course of " Total " Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
As you know , I just moved to a new town .
Of course , I miss you and all of my friends back in Sweden , but I will visit you guys soon !
I hope everything is great back in Sweden . See you soon !
Clothes is harder , as I said before , because fashion
Of course ,
time , then I suggest some other style . It has to be comfortable but
With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work . I am interested in applying .
I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years , since my children were born .
As a member , on many occasions , such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn about different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
To elaborate , their stories are better , as there are more twists and turns in the plots .
Although the plots are full of twists , they are still very realistic and do not make their audience feel that the plots are very strange .
It eventually made a very good impression on its audience , and , most importantly for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than in the past , foreign movies still play important role in the domestic movie goer 's mind .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , product development skills and design , to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
I am not saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things like numbers or letters .
When I was young , I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things like geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
In this place , " Stella d'oro " , the owners prepare delicious rolls .
In particular , every week you can find " Il panino più " , a special roll created by the imagination of the cook .
Of course , I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have something to celebrate , for example , birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
I remember when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made of cheese on a roll , with a little candle .
When I go there , I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with a good flavor .
Of course , with the roll we also order a lot of chips .
If after are all that we are still hungry , we order cakes .
Of course , if the six of us go together , it is quite expensive , but if I only go with my husband , I do n't spend so much .
I suggest everyone goes to this place because , not only is the food good , but also , the owners are very friendly .
But if you are lucky , you will be able to park .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise .
Should I go if I do n't know who sent this to me ? "
In the middle of the crowd was standing my mum , with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise ...
What the hell was she doing here ?
" He 's dead . " she said , as if she was whispering .
I 've never found out the reason that made him leave me , despite all his love for me , unfortunately ...
People argue that today 's television is a load of rubbish . The quality of many programs is absolutely questionable and in many cases the language is vulgar .
First of all , the many repeats of all programs , like serials or films , do not motivate people to watch it .
Moreover , on television , there is a lot of advertising constantly interrupting the broadcast , and of course , this fact is very unpleasant .
For example , the wider choice of programs from all over the world allows us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhances our knowledge .
To sum up , I think television is very good value for money . The point is being able to choose what we want to watch .
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives , and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , newspapers or TV programmes , or even their entire private lives .
Thirdly , in my opinion , they have the right also to sell only the parts of their lives they want .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and an embarrassing moment could arrive and , if you have sold things like this before , you ca n't say anything .
I am currently working at a place where I am getting a great wage , so I have the possibility to accompany you on your journey .
We could go to the most representative places in Mexico , such as Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
perhaps we could go to the city zoo in order to find out whether there are any vacancies that suit you ?
As you know , in this country , if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chance of getting a great job .
Wrestling is a new sport which was unknown to many of my classmates at college .
As such , the referee explains the rules of the game through their captains , e.g. Health and Safety .
First of all , I lived in London for three weeks in 2012 .
I would like to say that learning any language is complicated for anyone , wherever you come from , but , in my opinion , there are many matters to discuss .
A child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time . This child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , because they are listening to their parents speaking English , their native language , all the time and this lets them learn without any difficulty .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in an anglophone country . In this case , your knowledge will be reinforced by your stay there .
To sum up , if you want to learn English , you do n't need to go abroad . You can improve your English by working hard in your own country , for example , by doing exercises like listening and writing , or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
In addition to my native language , I can speak German as well as English . In fact , I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin . My German teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experience .
If it is necessary , I would be willing to come for an interview at any time .
It still has to have the same elements , like roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door and windows .
However , I think , that all the systems which work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
Though it will affect the environment in a good way .
I think that the home of the future will be huge , but single - storey .
Owing to that , people wo n't need to meet and talk .
Roger O'keefe , 83 years old , is being referred to your care for further assistance .
Since his discharge from the hospital , we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
On observation , they are getting some help from their neighbors . However , they are having problems keeping up their household routine .
As per the doctor 's order , we have organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 after which our nursing care will end .
Hasselt has it all , from museums and shops with the latest fashion , to shops with local products , such as gingerbread and gin .
My family is n't so close and is distributed around many cities in my country . After some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
We rented a wonderful place outside our city with a spectacular atmosphere .
Everything was amazing , a lot of memories . We laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watching movies , swimming , among others .
Many times we pay more attention to other things . It can do it in many opportunities .
In my opinion , travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by public transport because you can choose where you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
Sometimes , public transport is useful because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you will probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
If you would like to go somewhere fast , do n't use public transport , because it is very slow .
If everyone used public transport , climate change would not increase more .
At my school , I do n't do that much because there are just five of us that are worried about the world .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us financially , but it was n't enough .
At home , I convinced my family to recycle and reuse the water that we ca n't drink , to give to our plants .
Now , what do you do at your school and at your home ?
Tell me . I 'm curious .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them require ID , so if you are younger than 18 , it will be difficult to get in .
However , the art and science museum could be the most enjoyable plan .
In addition , I suggest going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoeing , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoying the countryside
While someone is watching this kind of movie , he / she is just relaxing and having a good time .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwide Market Analysis ) said , playing the lottery is not economically irrational and uninformed .
First of all , you should find the entrance of the airport .
Also , you can use the bus .
When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda , you should get off the bus and I 'll meet you at that bus stop .
In my opinion , the weather is better today than yesterday .
The building has two changing rooms , for men and women .
As far as I am concerned , there are some pros and cons about the use of the swimming pool .
On the one hand , everything is very clean , including floor , bathrooms and corridors . In addition , if you are a disabled person , you will not have any trouble getting in there because there are some ramps to help you go in .
On the other hand , you will have to pay 45 euros a month to use the facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because there is not any gym inside the building .
In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
Those people could be politicians , film stars , singers , football players and so on , living in constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and , because of this , they have to keep calm and carry on with it .
Therefore , most of these famous people complain about this , but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constantly devoting every minute of the day to them , because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing who they are with , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
In conclusion , being famous is really difficult and frustrating as well , but , in contrast , they earn a lot of money and they are loved by so many people , though they have to accept some critics , because not everybody has to love them .
After a few hours , we are so tired , that we do not have the strength to do anything else .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's loud , energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we arrive home with a huge headache .
Sometimes , it 's better to visit some small shops than big centres .
Today in big cities , public transport is necessary for tourists , students , children and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
A good public transport system is the sign of a civilized city . In this way there are fewer cars , so less traffic .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed . , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
I pack my backpack , pick up my garbage bag and look around my room for one last time to make sure I have n't forgotten anything . I go downstairs and put the garbage bag into the trash bin .
It takes me about 30 minutes to drive to my company . It depends if the traffic 's good .
As usual , I buy a coffee and breakfast on the way . I can have bread or sweet potato for my daily breakfast .
I have many choices for lunch , but I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am , but I get up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out with my boyfriend . We go to the cinema or the coffee shop .
Now that I 'm on holidays , I watch more TV , especially some series like Criminal Investigation or The Mentalist .
Once upon a time , there was a mason called Nick who had a family of four , two sons and his wife , but they had conflicts about their children 's studies , and because the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they lived in poverty .
His kids dreamed of a big house that had a pool , a third floor , a Jacuzzi and a beautiful view to the beach . They also wanted to have a dog . If they had one , it would be called Winy .
They told every dream to their dad , and they knew he would enforce it even though , under the circumstances , it seemed to be impossible , he would try .
Next week a cousin that he did not know . He was a very rich man and when he found out about their problem , he decided to help , so he gave them an incentive .
He said that if Nick built a house with two floors , he would buy it and pay for the children 's studies lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible .
Nick started making the plans for the house . From that moment , he trended to get to his house and immediately drag the plans and continue working . When he finished the plans after months of working on them , he started to bring it to life . The house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
After months of working on the house , he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they wanted .
When they reached eighteen , they could get a good job because of their good education .
They could give a good life to their families and also have a dog called Winy . And all this thanks to the rich man that nobody knew .
By contrast , in general , North America had the lowest rates for deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
For example , the tower has a 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant , and so on .
First , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only because they have other problems to care about , but also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
However , we consider a friend a person you can have fun with , laugh with and meet . I 'm used to doing that with my parents and my brothers , but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Moreover , I think that I would n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried about something or someone . In fact , I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
The route makes many stops in different places , so the way on the map is a mess .
Now , there are many means of transportation .
We can travel by air using aircraft ; aeroplane , helicopter etc .
Unlike before , we have big ships to use on the sea .
So , whoever wants to star a journey has several choices of transport , either by sea , by air , by land or on foot .
Thanks .
Swimming is my favourite sport in the world . I started it when I was five years old . I really enjoy it , I feel that the water is my place in the word . I feel free .
First , when I was on the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop encouraging us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our families waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
His whole life , he only wished for one thing , and that was to be popular .
People were attracted to her quite easily , and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
An innocent dare made by Sara , which led Michael to walk in the path of wrong .
Courage can change lives .
They had n't abandoned him , neither had they distanced themselves from him .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I strongly agree with , because the extra traffic caused by the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals causes massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad for the health of the walking and cycling citizens , especially young children and babies .
Mostly from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go to and finish work . That is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get from A to B in town , which is a terribly long time , not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
On the other hand , the bypass might cause a drastic drop in tourism in the town .
Because I did n't find any tickets for the concert in London , I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
The day before , I started to freak out thinking that I was going to meet them .
As well as the ticket for the concert , I bought a VIP ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because the entry to the venue was at 17:00 and , as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I would n't have to rush .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 'd never been to Birmingham , I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event was taking place .
After 30 minutes , the acoustic performance started , which lasted for about 15 minutes . Afterwards , we took pictures .
On the day after , I went back home .
On the one hand , I am studying to be a PE teacher , so I know how to organise activities for young people , such as fishing or doing a sport .
I'm good at entertaining . What is more , I really enjoy working with children since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mean that you will save time , because both buses and cars wo n't be able to move in the rush hour .
Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to set your own schedule , while public transport limits you to a timetable that does not always meet your needs .
However , it is also true that there are always minors who have no choice but to take public transport and also , for their parents , it is definitely more reliable .
If a car which emits no serious global - warming gases were developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce their use of cars . Yet , as long as we are manufacturing them , we can not find more eco - friendly and efficient modes of transport than public transportation .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future , even though travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by just trains or buses .
In my opinion , homes in the future will be similar to today 's houses .
Everywhere , there will be cameras and motion sensors .
Kitchens will be better equipped , maybe with smart appliances , and people who ca n't cook will prepare the meal by themselves .
Personally , I think houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like that .
People do n't have to own their car , paying a lot of money .
All my life I have practiced sports , but definitely , my favorite sport is squash .
The first year , I went to a tournament in Torreon and I won first place . During the first 3 years , I ranked in the first 10 places in Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
Playing squash is an awesome activity and is easy to learn . I love that this game is very fast and you do a lot of exercise .
For someone new to this sport , I would recommended being patient and constant in training , because practice is what will make you better and help to improve your level . And , finally , always enjoy the game .
Sooner or later , married people will get divorced .
Then , one day , he met a girl on the train . She was n't that beautiful , but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonious .
They started talking , complaining about the train being late , and after two hours they were still chatting .
Finally , he arrived .
He said hello to the girl , smiling .
Nowadays , everybody has one or more cars . As a consequence of that , some people believe that public transport is going to disappear .
There are several reasons to believe that . Firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising , which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as smart an option as cars .
In addition , public transport is cheap because buying a car means spending a fortune and in big cities where people are concerned about the environment , such as Amsterdam or Tokyo , there are many facilities like mobile phone apps or special offers .
To sum up , no one knows the future . However , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more so , because it is good to save money and to reduce pollution .
In my opinion , fewer people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which are more comfortable to use whether you are in a hurry or not .
In the first place , you feel more comfortable in your own car than on a bus , for example . You do n't need to be afraid that someone could suddenly steal your purse and you do n't have to listen to others when you travel in your car .
Studies have shown that your self - esteem and feelings of protection increase when you are a car driver .
In the second place , not all public transport is in the best shape .
If you have your own car , these things do n't bother you anymore because you wash your car anytime you want .
In conclusion , travelling by car is far better than using public transport .
I love children . I have already worked with them . It was a wonderful experience .
My level of English is very good . Today I 'm studying and working hard to improve .
Yours faithfully ,
As you know , he works for a security company called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to Bono !
Can you imagine my reaction when he told me about it ?
We were so excited when we went in .
During the concert , we were standing in the backstage area .
After the last song , my dad took us to Bono 's room .
That 's all for now , but I will write more when I find my feet ! I will appreciate my dad 's work forever .
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara . I 'm from Saudi Arabia , and I 'm 26 years old .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
In addition , there are recent statistics that show that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabian students who come to America to do their master 's degree could n't get into university due to some requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even because their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student who ca n't accomplish their dream and have to go back to their home . I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into your university .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do my best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript . To sum up , what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student , wanting to study a for master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting a response and your recommendations .
I am forty - nine years old and I am quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that , normally , mistakes have no importance , because all things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
Every storey has a colored sign ; red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between red and orange and that was my confusion .
I left my car on the storey with the orange color , but when , some days later , I looked for my car I did it on the storey with the intermediate color .
I spent quite a lot of time thinking and when I had decided go to the police , I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes . It is sad that you are only coming for one week , but we will enjoy ourselves a lot .
When you come out onto the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant . Then you must go to the left where you will find a big square with swings and slides .
Finally , you will see a big red house with lots of windows .
What is more , these kinds of students are between eighteen and twenty - two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
However , this method of studying is cheaper than the usual way , and it also can be completely free , which is a big advantage .
Nowadays , people want to travel at their own conveyance using their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
Everyone wants to have a stressless / happy journey , whether it is for a long journey or not .
Now , let me tell you the scenario of public transport .
First of all , we always need to wait for it and it runs according to the scheduled timetable only .
In winter , it is fine . We can adjust to the crowd , but if we talk about the summer season , we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocating environment .
We need to book tickets in advance if we are planning to go via public transport , because again , there is the issue of availability of seats .
Of course , it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to affirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
In our city , the buses stop at midnight .
Also , the ticket price is not cheap .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only in terms of time , but also because of the problems that you can have .
The other issue is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fill up their car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but having seen the price of this ecological vehicle , I think that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
But they can only afford it by working as an au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter , because these jobs include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need a high level of English .
Moreover , people in their mid-30s do not usually leave their country and try to learn a new language from are living .
Since 2010 , my town has tried to include some changes to boost the town .
In the last five years , many new bins have been installed near all neighbourhoods .
Because of that , 5 new parks has been created recently .
Moreover , residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respecting the environment .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well , so that is why I am accustomed to dealing with customers and coping with difficult people in a busy environment .
It is not necessary to say I am able to work to a cafe schedule . I have experience working shift days and weekends .
In Madrid , you can find clothes by the best designers , such as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
But do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited , because we have some places where you can find great collections at 50% off .
So , if you prefer saving money and looking fine , you have to visit our outlet , where you can find all that you are looking for .
Nowadays , people 's lives are undergoing an unexpected change all because of globalization .
In the past , people had to manage their time so they could go to work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
Globalization started in the 20 's , so a huge proportion of the population has experienced this change . In my opinion , it is kind of good .
Now , people can interact with other people from other countries by texting , Facebook or Whatsapp .
Everyone needs an instant answer to what they are asking . If they send an email , you must reply to it in less than 1 minute .
Personal contact shows a decrease in this time , because people do n't want to face their real problems . Instead , they can see all the problems happening in the world on their smartphones .
In the future , people will communicate via their computers , cellphones , and tablets , and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
Of course , there will be some more electronic things like some new mobile phones with functions we could not expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
But if we speak of the change of people 's lives , there have to be some more dramatic things .
To put it in a nutshell , we could say that our global world will be more electronic , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo n't change our lives dramatically .
Because of that , I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
Yesterday , I saw a nice present for her in the new mall in Jerez , called AreaSur .
If you do n't think the same as me , you can choose another present , I wo n't have any problem with that .
I hope to see you soon , Brother .
Send me an email when you 're able to go shopping .
In my opinion , any transport is completely safe . However , people say the plane is the safest mode of transport .
And maybe the car is the most comfortable .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing . I know this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
When you make a long trip , you can travel without pressure .
If you are tired , you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax , and if there are more passengers in the car , you can swap with them , so you will feel less tired .
- There are n't enough parking spaces and they are very expensive . For example , when you travel to Madrid , it is impossible to find a free parking space .
This situation is only present in Caceres when it is a rainy day , but in other cities , like Madrid and Barcelona , it is a daily situation .
I think driving can be dangerous because people must respect speed limits , and not every time that it is .
Every holiday , the DGT in Spain launch an awareness campaign to remind us about good manners when we are driving .
On the other hand , travelling by plane , people say , is safer than travelling on other modes of transport .
I look for the perfect offer , but in summer it is impossible to find it .
For example , there are a lot of countries where the bike is the main mode of transport , like in Belgium .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle lane . In contrast to here in Spain , where few cities , like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
This is simple , because not everyone has a private vehicle .
Next year in Turkey
we can see the number of projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co. will be at 450 thousand pairs next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand pairs . Then the number of Jack&Jones Co. will drop to 250 thousand pairs in Feb next year .
The number of Mango Co. will grow steadily from May to July next year . It will remain at 500 thousand pairs for four months then achieve the highest number of about 600 thousand pairs in this period .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise . There was a small present left on the ground .
Besides , I was not sure whether I should pick it up .
As it was quite early in the morning , there was just silence everywhere .
While the water was boiling , a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have a birthday today and there are a few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in pink paper ?
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they were 20 years ago , scientists have proved that , if we carry on with our way of living , using , for instance , modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
As a matter of fact , I have been camping since I was 6 years old , and for this reason , I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
I am a suitable person for the job because I am used to working with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old . Also , I am always trying to improve different activities to avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
To sum up , I would like to work with you , and I can promise you will not regret it . I hope to hear from you soon .
It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
It 's cheaper to travel by bus , but it is not very safe , so you need to take a taxi . It is a bit more expensive , but is much safer .
The weather is changing . In the morning there are high winds , in the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
Also , when you spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know that someone is taking a photo of you .
For this , we will analyse several aspects , such as what local residents do with rubbish and how Lanjarón tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
Nowadays , there is more and more rubbish because of the huge amount of packaging used to wrap products and the increase in consumption .
In Lanjarón , as in the rest of the villages and towns , people are getting used to buying and consuming much more than they used to do in the past .
To achieve this , the council organises different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
At the end of the competition , those whose area is cleanest and most attractive receive an award .
On one hand , some people think military service should be mandatory .
There are different dangers of a military nature , such as terrorist attacks , wars and other armed conflicts .
Besides , there are accidents , which can happen with guns or weapons , such as explosions and accidents .
These acts often turn out to be tragic , having a long post - traumatic effect on the young person or even loss of life .
Also , the food I make for myself is much healthier .
But if I make my own food , of course , I wo n't use any kind of unhealthy ingredients .
And also , homemade food has a better quality than low - price restaurants .
Some people think cooking for themselves is too annoying or tiring , so they go out to eat .
But actually , if you cook a lot , you can use your energy , so you can reduce your weight .
Also , if you cook three times a day , your cooking ability will increase .
When people are surrounded by strangers , people all think they are watching them so they ca n't do this or that .
But if you eat at home , you do n't need to be concerned that somebody will look at you opening your mouth too wide or talking too loud .
Also , a restaurant does n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes , they give you so little food you do n't get full .
And as you know , throwing food away is a bad habit which makes our planet , Earth , polluted .
And sometimes , if there are a lot of customers , you have to wait for the chef to cook others ' food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
But if you eat at home with your family , you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about your own private things .
Because you do not feel free to talk about anything outside , because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
So , by having a family time while eating at home , you can have a talk and be a much closer family .
Because of these kinds of advantages and reasons , I prefer to eat at home .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of a " Virtual profile " . It takes time to maintain connections between links and friends and be part of groups . These connections will have negative effects , especially on psychological well - being .
This outcome , along with several studies , suggests reasonable use of networking media .
Furthermore , it is also possible that , in the future , people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which there is awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
On the one hand , we have technology .
Technology has developed really fast in the last twenty years , so it 's expected to develop the same way in the next fifty years .
Fifteen years ago , cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have cameras with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
On the other hand , we have transport .
Right now , people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which are more eco - friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money on gas .
Based on this , we can assume that this kind of car will be the only one on the streets fifty years from now .
Every aspect of science will evolve . For example , new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
To sum up , I believe that people 's lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
I 'm a teenager and I like to watch movies , like other teenagers .
As we know , the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , mopeds or any other motor vehicles .
On the other hand , technology makes our life easier .
We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly over the Internet . However , unfortunately , we do n't have it in the countryside .
However , I think humans have evolved and we are very happy with technology and the Internet .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort , which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling long distances , as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal space .
Moreover , you can control your driving speed as fast or slow according to your mood , and so , you own your time .
Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there quickly & freely whenever you like , so you have a flexible schedule .
Besides , the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions and environments you face during the journey .
On the other hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded into a small and enclosed area , and so , a lot of breath & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season when respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. colds & flu .
And so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like , although this is your leisure , your free time , which means a time of relaxation & meditation .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country . The authorities have arranged many procedures to ensure that the town stays clean at the same time as being environmentally friendly .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy , the garbage needs to be separated into 3 categories . That is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycling bins ; one for food and green garbage , one only for paper and cardboard , and the last for the rest .
Another handy rule has been introduced , which is that plastic and glass need to be thrown in different bins that are available for public usage in each supermarket center . In these , people can find these bins at easy locations available everywhere .
Secondly , we all know the fossil fuels we mainly run our vehicles on will not last forever .
A lot of us just turn on the engine of our cars without considering walking up to the bus stop .
In my opinion , we need to save a future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient , but with improved public transport , we need to reduce the use of cars .
Their main concern is to make you think , laugh , maybe cry a bit , but above all , to give you a great time .
Soon , one of them is informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris which is heading for the Shuttle where the two astronauts are .
Eventually , the debris hits the Shuttle and thus more debris is created which follows the orbit of Earth and moved around it at a very high speed .
To survive , the astronauts have to get to the International Space Station , which is very far away from them .
Moving to the ISS , one of them loses his life and , so , only one of the crew remains alive fighting for survival .
After a long sequence of events , the remaining astronaut first gets to the ISS , then , with a Russian spacecraft , moves on to a Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
And so , the astronaut launches the escape pod and gets home !
The garbage control service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council , which was founded two years ago .
The recycling centers sort this garbage and it is put into different categories to be recycled . Categorized garbage is then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distribution program among the villages , with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are employed in the garbage control service , because they can collect all the garbage of a village from one place .
Villages , on the other hand , are doing their best to reduce the amount of domestic waste .
Nowadays , lots of people are discussing the problems of life in the next 50 years . In 50 years ,
Planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe , thanks to the progress of technology , we will be able to beam - up everywhere .
Also , thanks to the progress of medicine , we will achieve some important goals .
Face - to - face communication , for example , will lose its importance . All the communication will be virtual . People will speak only on social networks .
According to the schedule , the train arrives on platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
Then what about my appearance ?
With this letter I 'll send you a new photo of me , but anyway , I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
Just in case , I 'll be wearing that yellow hat you sent me last year .
Also , we can go to some parks that I think are incredible there .
Anyway , we 'll discuss where to go after my arrival .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures . As she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life comes slowly back to normal , but not for too long , because she becomes suspicious the murderer could be closer than she would ever have expected .
In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore , but he still kept in contact with her .
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang , so she felt very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
She burst into tears , making efforts to leave that room as fast as possible .
Anyway , I 've recently been organizing an environment - saving event for our beautiful city by doing a recycling campaign .
Since your dad has a recycling factory , I thought that he would be pleased to get the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
As you know , in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown away are recyclable .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job of re - building animal habitats , so I thought that they might need money , since they have just spent money on building the habitats .
At the event , there will be charged entertainments for all age groups . There will be live music , and we also have a lottery which will be going on .
Waiting for your response and help on the day . Do n't forget ; no amount is too small .
For instance , you have been doing sport since I met you , so give up it for a season .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off at several stops ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) , while when travelling by train , I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder , whereas Tiffany , a widow , had just lost her job .
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who did n't believe in love and only wanted one - night stands .
The scene is bright and the rhythm is light , even in the saddest section .
Of course , being in a similar situation does n't seem to be easy but I think that it is one of the prices of being famous .
On the one hand , I think that the most significant is societal problems because they cause other problems , including environmental ones .
Their activities had lots of negative consequences , such as air , water and land pollution , deforestation and climate change .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something , but I do n't know how to do it properly .
Though new problems occur quickly in our state , some people and communities try to do their best to develop a civil and democratic society .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them , so the population has to do everything on their own .
What is more , this project will give me valuable experience , including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendencies in the social sphere and careful attitudes towards the environment .
Television can entertain everybody today . It does n't matter the age . It can be a baby or an elderly person ; we can see that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program , you can change the channel and watch something else . Through the increase in channels and competitiveness , the audience has also increased its power of choice .
We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options , we must be aware of our own decisions . I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us . We are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficulties in their lives , but there are also the solutions to all the problems at the end ; the lady gets married and lives happily with her love forever .
Although they have a nice ending , we need to remember that real life is different and the difficulties are part of our lives . They are there for us to give value to everything we have and to remind us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
There are documentaries produced with so much care that they provide us with a lot of information . Sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
For the last 10 years , every second family has had more than one car and , most of the time , each member of the family drives his own car .
Recently , governments in many countries imposed a ban on parking or even a ban on driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' , Shakespeare creates a magical mood and setting by using characters , such as the fairies , and events ( such as transforming Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head ) .
Each character in this play who is able to do magic uses it in a different way . For example : to help ; for their own needs .
Having fairies as characters adds magic , as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
The magic of turning Bottom 's head into one of an ass , adds more humour to the already self - confident character of Bottom .
As well as for his needs , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) ; namely , Helena , with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
In the book , Titania does n't seem to use her magic much . Nevertheless , she uses it a few times .
Titania uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride 's bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta will have beautiful children and live a happy married life .
Their magic , like Oberon 's , is used to help people , and not for themselves .
Also , the fairies ' language is magical , as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they were in a fairy tale .
The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks , which also shows another contrast between the humans and the fairies .
This is how it creates magic and creates the setting , as in William Shakespeare 's time , they did n't use many props .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' , causing mystery and making us think about what he means .
Shakespeare also uses the idea of magic in his conversations with other characters . For example , when Titania speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nature many times .
After all , the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream , as there 's no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
He adds the play ' Pyramus and Thisbe ' which is a bit like a mini - play based on the storyline ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' , as there are two lovers whose parents do n't permit their marriage .
When the ' mechanicals ' , or workers , change into their characters , it is a bit like magic .
The characters in the play , like ' moonlight ' , are basic ideas of transformations like the ones that magic creates .
Nowadays , most schools and universities help students to find their most suitable jobs .
Businesses want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that , so they are hands on the task .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a job involves .But sometimes , universities give them more theoretical training instead of the practical training which businesses are looking for .
Generally speaking , students finish their degrees with a limited range of experience .
Nowadays , we have " n " number of international sports where one can prove one 's own talent and socialise .
As it 's a mind - set game , the player needs to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
To be a successful player , one has to learn some tricks which help make the game easier .
And last but not least , as a player , they have to keep in mind that they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands . Instead of that , one has to fight until the last minute of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winner or the loser .
Thus , pushing themselves leads to success .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant . It 's my sister Sorina . You met her at my party . She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible . You will love working with her .
She has a lot of experience . She worked in a restaurant for 5 years and can also cook .
A student group usually meet in the College Theatre every Monday to watch films and , afterward , discuss them , but you 're not alone !
Every Monday a different guest speaker is invited to the Film Club to manage the discussion over a good drink , thanks to the Coffee Bar 's special late opening .
For the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club to speak about the film in which they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process for getting involved in their characters for realistic acting .
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break from your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends , you should n't miss this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start to the week .
Some people complain that when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day ! They would like to have a rest .
Playing in the sand , burying one another or making sandcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
La Cacharreriaes is a tapas restaurant , so you can choose lots of different small dishes and share them .
I try something new each time I go there , but I often order the humus . I love it .
La Cacharrería has a disadvantage : you ca n't reserve a table and it is very popular .
Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights , do not let you rest .
Take me as an example . I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
I certainly do not get enough sleep , but it 's not a sleep disorder , but rather , the pace of life I lead .
I definitely need to pay attention to these factors and , that way , I will see improvement .
So , for now , we must sleep well to be healthier .
To do this sport , first you have to meet someone who can teach you how to swim , because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
If you try it , you can do it .
Some people think there is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport , but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in acceptable conditions .
Dear Mr
During a meeting with the head of department in MOH , I was complaining about servicing of the microscope by their staff ( almost 99.9% from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providing the required training for all his staff , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
The next day I received a call from one of the technicians , Mr. Humam Altannous ( who has a compliant against us ) , asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or contract ) .
He did not ask any manual / trouble - shooting instruction during our call , which he mentioned in his email .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Most people prefer to watch reality programmes where people have to live with unknown people , in order to gossip about them .
First of all , thanks to the internet , you can meet or talk to people even if they are not by your site .
Transport has become faster and more convenient , and this can be attributed to a lot of factors , such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
People who travel to work daily usually prefer public transport over their own car as it is a cheaper option .
On the other hand , if I were travelling to see my friends or family in a nearby town or just on a holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
In future , the environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these modes of transport .
Countries today are trying to reduce their carbon footprints ; they are trying to encourage public transport .
In my opinion , it is probably the basis of the values of every society , because our children now will be the men or women of the future .
In Spain , the vast majority of schools are state schools .
I studied in a state school and I believe that I got a good education , not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
From my point of view , I feel like we are losing important things like the effort to achieve goals or respect for everyone .
Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together . Therefore , education is the only way to achieve it .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English , is increasing day by day .
Public transport means such as trains , planes and buses are known as the cheapest and are used by all travelers , and the cost of using them is something that suits people who earn not much money ,
The users of transport means differ . The public ones are able to carry large numbers of travelers , whereas the private means are used by very small numbers of people .
This option may be used for cargo also ,
Although the facilities are well organised , they are too small , because more and more people are becoming members of the club .
In my opinion , Poland is beautiful country , so you will not be disappointed ! I would recommend you starting your trip in Poznan .
If so , I recommend you to explore Stołowe Mountains - in my opinion , it 's the most beautiful place in Poland .
I am writing in reference to the advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job .
My name is Gerard Jones and rather than tell you that I always wanted to work with children ,
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , as do my cousins , whose ages are in the required range for going camping .
My expertise is to organise games for children . Everybody enjoys the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team rivalry during the games .
I am also a talented cook for kids . My view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach them how to make basic dishes , such as omelettes , spaghetti and more .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun through my work with children . I consider myself very patient and I do care for children . In view of that , I would like to apply for the job and , if it 's possible , join your next camp in the summer .
I appreciate your attention to this letter . Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions .
Nowadays , there are many people who do sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life . You focus on the competition and it is like having a rest from everyday life .
On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause various health problems and could lead to death . Only watching sports seems safer .
In conclusion , personally , despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sitting in your house and watching them .
It would be a great chance for your club to share my ideas to improve your facilities .
Please refer to the good and bad points of your club , in my view , as below .
The good points of the club are as below :
The bad points of the club are as below :
The temperature of the changing room is too low
The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and mysteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners , who are a family whose husband went to war and died . So the real occupants of the house are Nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister Anne , who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film , and their mother , who is called Grace and has a particular obsession with catholisism .
The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , but in its final scene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
I would recommend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared , because it is not like the rest of the horror movies . It is a film in which you are continuously discovering secrets as if you were another character .
You will have a great time .
At first , this transport was greatly appreciated .
Everyone felt so delighted , but unfortunately , now people feel uncomfortable when it comes to travelling by public transport .
Today , every single person is keen to earn as much money as they can and the interesting part is that this eagerness is increasing day by day , and so is their income .
So , now , almost 80 percent of people can afford their own transport .
The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for public transport . You can save time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
Public transport is slow now , even though it is very comfortable , but unfortunately , people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class were to travel on public transport , it would affect their status .
But still there are so many people who use public transport frequently , but that is only their compulsion and poverty .
If they were financially stable , they would surely buy their own vehicle .
It is a well - known fact that transport is closely related to pollution .
Moreover , this has helped a lot of people , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
However , it will be over cost in full , car service and the effort of concentration on driving . All of these negative points can easily be avoided by using public transportation . It should be cheaper than using your own car , you do not have to look after it , and you can do activities while you are on it , like reading or chatting with your friends or making important phone calls .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
Most of all , I enjoy playing volleyball and badminton .
I 'm absolutely convinced everyone should realize that the most important thing is their health and sport really can help .
Having lived during the century which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , what will the home of the future look like ?
In my opinion , parking charges are too high .
I am very lucky because not far from my home there are three parks , so I can practise this sport whenever I want .
On the one hand , if you have money and a lot of free time , you can spend all day dodging in the mall for only one , special kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
For me , it is just a torture .
Also , you can be robbed because in crowded places you can easily fall prey to pickpockets .
Otherwise , you need to have time to walk through all the shops and find what you need , everything on the rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
On the other hand , if you find a real bargain and buy something for a very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
For me , it is not necessary because every seller gives the size of his product and then I can check if this thing will be good for me or not .
Also , you can always return it , like in the physical stores .
There , I can easily find what interests me , what is in my size etc .
For me , it is an easier and faster way to buy what I want , often at a better price .
The first step is design , which includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then they move to the next step ; preparation of metal plates . Skilled machinists are needed in this process .
Printing is quite closely related to the first two steps , because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
I am a fairly energetic hard - worker and , also , I know how to speak English really well and a bit of Italian .
I have worked in out - of - school activities before and in other summer camps in the south of America , too .
Thank you .
Moreover , the repetition is massive . I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called " Friends " , ca n't you ?
Firstly , I must inform you that I was dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist , because he forgot to place my wake - up call and , as a result , I overslept and I missed my flight .
The first time I did Muay Thai was 5 years ago . At that time , I was n't sure about doing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't do Muay Thai and it is not well known .
Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sport , but is not the most important thing . Mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths is necessary ; remember the body does what the mind commands .
It was hard at the beginning , just like when you start doing anything new , so here are some tips if you want to start doing Muay Thai .
Muay Thai is a complete sport . You use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to make a big effort .
Practice makes perfect . Do research into Muai Thai 's culture , do research into Muai Thai 's methods .
So , if I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
Also , I have some work experience that is relevant to Accounting .
This is a nervous and exciting decision for me , but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
He 's been doing great in both academic and extra - curricular activities in the school .
As the tournament began , he 'd been getting high points for his team , and because of that nice contribution they had won the game .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student , but he 's known as one of the most popular students because he works voluntarily as a coach for the younger kids in his town .
A mistake is something you may do unintentionally . However , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored , whereas sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
Michael was a teenager . Therefore , he was not mature like an adult , so his decisions were all emotional .
As soon as she entered through the college gate , everybody was smitten by her .
And they both had a great understanding . However , this innocent girl had caught the attention of all the viewers including these two .
The girl liked Michael 's friend , Henry .
Michael could not digest this fact , since he could not compromise on anything .
Michael thought of a dirty trick . He called Henry to a birthday party and took him onto the terrace and pushed him over .
Henry fell down and his head was injured . Michael left him to bleed profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body , tried to check his pulse rate , but found that he was dead .
Later , the girl discovered that Michael was behind the incident .
After the inquiry , Michael was put behind bars and the girl went away .
And there could also be robots . Why not ?
On the one hand , we could live in a more relaxed way ; on the other hand , we could think about settling on other planets .
Finally , you might think it will be a green , peaceful , enjoyable world .
It is no secret that everybody needs at least one person to share his troubles or happiness with .
Every day , we are looking for friends .
Your parents always support and defend you . They are happy just to see you - their child , the result of their love .
Until now , all had been normal in his life .
He did not want to earn a lot of money . What he really wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow him to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
Then Sergio left Microsoft , created his own website which gave him enough money , and travelled wherever he wanted .
If we have extra time , we can do the other activity if you want .
At night , we can stay at home , as you said , and also we can buy chocolates and watch a movie . That 's great for me !
Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't bring me to your home on Friday evening because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportation , at the cost of diminishing farmland and wetland as well as deforestation .
I want to tell you about the concert at my school . It was really cool .
My friend Make showed me how best to play the role of Snow White . It was very funny .
We had hard days too . We argued , but then quickly made up .
During the concert , one boy forgot the script and began to improvise .
The course is going to finish , so the teacher wants us to go out to a restaurant .
Therefore , I want to say a special thank you to our teacher .
If the weather is n't good enough , they can find a lot of cafes open from morning until late at night and here , if they are old enough , they can also order alcoholic drinks .
At the " Soft Notes " , you can hear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
In this place , there are guys and girls attending pedagogy who organize activities to entertain children of every age .
At the moment of choosing , very different aspects , like ecological effects , economic viability and even time uses , take part in the decision .
However , the economic aspect is very important to consider when we talk about convenience . Cars are the most expensive mode of transport .
To sum up , neither cars nor public transport are considered the perfect option , but considering the long term consequences , as is common nowadays in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up , hair ...
For example , in work interviews and jobs that have direct contact with the public , it is better to wear a formal or smart style .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
In countries like the United States of America , people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social status , so for the American people , public transportation does not matter . They have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide for convenience .
The future of public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on your point of view . In Mexico , maybe it will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now dying .
But moments later , she found a second letter with the same shape .
It transpired that at the fountain stood Chuck , waiting for her .
When she got closer , he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
She had run out of words and just nodded her head , which means : " yes " .
At the end of the day , she said : " You 're right .
Sarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice or hear that , so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
But he was n't aware that the traffic lights had turned red , so a car could n't go through .
Luckily , Sarah was fine because the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
Katniss , the protagonist , is a teenage girl of 16 who has been forced to poach to feed her family since her father died
However , does the claim really ring true , conforming the real situation ?
It is my contention that people who have the ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances have a higher likelihood of being successful in school or work .
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast changing world and the text book can not catch up with it . Knowledge changes from time to time .
Previously , most women used to have a baby after marrying their partners . But today , it is not so important anymore .
Actually , teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
Apart from this , the small difference between ages is also an advantage .
On the other hand , a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their children without having experience of that .
At my age , young parents and I have in common that we go out in the evenings .
From my point of view , older parents can give better advice in every difficult situation .
However , progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life , so I believe both are good at bringing up their children .
" I can't ... do it " , he slammed his head on the desk .
" I ca n't . "
" Tom . Tom . Tom . Tom , " it said .
He turned the note to see something .
" 1992 - 2015 " .
If somebody in my family asks me for help , I need to know the whole true , without any potential lies .
On the other hand , there is one other very important thing in my life - health .
In conclusion , if I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life than the other one ,
I will always choose health , because when a person is healthy , he or she can do anything .
There are some solutions to prevent the rise in the consumption of sugar - sweetened drinks .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out that most consumption of beverages for a teenager per day is sugar - sweetened soft drinks .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are the main soft drinks consumers and the most popular beverages are sugar - sweetened drinks .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in such a natural way , that the reader must undoubtedly exclaim , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Holmes investigation : " That 's it !
Coyle 's right ! "
Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincere and close to each other , more than these virtual friendships prevailing today .
I have personal experience that dates back to 1987 . In that year , I started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
The surprise is , today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond with each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp . Of course , we can no longer wait for thirty days when we can chat and see each other live .
In my country , I hav had two close friends since we were about 7 years old and we still have a strong friendship now .
The best of all in real friendships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions . He will be the same for you .
As I am in my late 20s , I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would be neither as competitive as those in fashion in my country nor as demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
One fine summer 's day , I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
However , the latest studies show a car is not always more efficient .
because there are cases where a car is much more efficient than public transport , and the other way round .
Recent studies found that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient when combining a bike with a train .
In addition , travelling by train saves a great deal of money as there is no parking fee .
Moreover , there are discounts for regular journeys .
Although there are some disadvantages to using a car , such as traffic jams and high maintenance costs .
All in all , in most cases , using your own car can save you money , time and effort .
Therefore , it has a safe place in our society .
However , there are those who reject this and are in favour of the use of public transport .
Firstly , it allows you to go somewhere directly , without finding out information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
Although it has some benefits , in most parts of the country , especially in the smallest towns , the public transport is not developed enough .
In my opinion , it could be useful hardly ever times , so a great number of improvements will be necessary .
First , I want to present myself . My name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
I 'm a cheerful person , so I would attempt to give my best to keep the attention of the children .
Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking , so I would take care of the children and I would do my tasks the best I could .
In this article I am going to write about my favourite sport , football .
It 's really fun when we are playing for different cups . Gothia , for example .
And try to be a part of the team . Then it 's more fun .
Of course , you might be angry , but it 's not a big deal .
Well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nighttime because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finished my whole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax , so I would say that nighttime is the most relaxing part of my day , so it is the one I like most .
I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
This centre offers various activities , like swimming pool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
In my view , it is a good location because children can do different after - school activities without moving too much .
I want to emphasize that , thanks to its full schedule and the number of coaches , adults , as well as children , can do different activities at the same time instead of having to wait .
This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for these kinds of people , like petanque or something like that .
Finally , to say that it is a perfect sports centre and inexpensive , including a range of activities .
A friendship that ends never started
When you are in a hopeless situation , they have the right advice .
David looks boring at first sight , but in fact he is wetty .
David is always ready for a joke , but amazingly , he has the ability to appear serious .
When we meet and the two friends are walking side by side , they look like Laurel and Hardy .
It really feels like you are in a five - star Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 meters above the ground .
There might be many reasons : for school , business , or just for private interest .
From my personal experience , I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when you go abroad on holiday .
I suggest that all youngsters who want to learn another language ought to go abroad .
If you would like to spend some time travelling , my country , Spain , is a fantastic place , because the weather is good most of the year .
There are beautiful cities to visit , like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and all the cities of Andalucia , the south of Spain .
In Andalucia , the people are cheerful and welcoming to tourists .
I 'm from Córdoba , so I will tell you about the most famous sights in my city .
The main attraction in Córdoba is the Mosque . It is a building where Catholic and Arabic elements are mixed .
Outside of the Mosque you can see narrow streets with flowers and a Roman bridge . It is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing walk .
For a job , i recommend you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job on the beach , because at the same time as you are on the beach , you could earn money .
In a hurry , he dashed to the microphone and answered the control station .
I enjoyed playing basketball , not only because I wanted to play a sport , but also because it 's a healthy way of living .
If you play a sport , you improve your abilities because you 're working in a team in which all the players have the same aim in the game : winning the match .
The most important thing that a person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is required , because you must know how to reach , how to get nearer to making your aim become reality , and that is that the team should score as often as they can to win the match and have fun .
In my opinion , this sport will always be my favourite , because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also kept me in good shape .
In my opinion , I am the perfect candidate for this vacancy .
First , I have achieved a good level of English because I have lived in the UK since July 2012 .
If you need a reference about me , you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
Second , critical thinking , which is deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor in successful research .
Also , honesty , originality , which is the ability to think critically , independence and creativity , and precision make research more valuable .
Such as ideas and learning more about the best methods to analyze data .
I prefer to travel by car for these reasons :
Immediately , I contacted their manager , asking if they could do with some help .
They turned out to be such wonderful people . They treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the time and even invited me to eat dinner with them .
On the day of the concert , I met the band two hours before the start . I ironed all the clothes , I even did the girls ' hair .
I was dancing and singing all through the show , and after , the manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that , when people try to use public transport rather their own cars .
Hopefully , you 'll be able to visit the site .
It takes hours to drive to and from ; hours where one just has to concentrate on driving , hours that are futile .
On the other hand , it will lead to more driving , because smarter driving reduces the cost per mile of vehicle usage .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell , the self - driving system is good for preventing accidents .
However , you should still be able to drive yourself you can not only rely on that system , it is still not free from errors .
The Italian name , Colosseo , is quite close to English .
I am writing to you in order to apply for a position as the person who will organise a Film Club in your language school .
I like to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way , I both improve my English and relax .
Computers help us with organizing our data . Also you can find any information you want very fast as it has lots of search engines .
A lot companies advertise their goods on the Internet , so millions of people know computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Finally , in my opinion , computers are very useful to all of us .
That was the key to opening the treasure chest full of golden opportunities .
Like his mother , he would work as an advocate .
Sadly , Peter was no longer with them .
Now we are spending too much time waiting for public transport and , of course , we would like to get to our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such a possibility for us .
Furthermore , we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feeling of independence .
But this is an exception , because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we want at this time .
For instance , one day I was walking in the park when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in the playing area . I helped her immediately , and after I was sure that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident . She thanked me a lot .
For example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university . I did not realize that until I returned home . While I was on my way to the university , my little sister prayed for me to find my phone .
So , in my opinion , children when they are witnesses always want to help strangers .
If you 're not up for that , you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same destination .
Besides , this way you can have an exciting start in Madrid .
If you get lost in the metro , do n't worry .
As we know , our planet 's condition is getting worse every day .
This is because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things on our planet , such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
Global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences . Therefore , we should do countless things that appear to be meaningless , but if everyone does them we can live on a much healthier planet .
Every day , scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are able to pollute the planet less .
It sounds a little bit strange , but by installing solar panels and other features in these homes , we live a much greener life . Undoubtedly , there will be some changes but , because we know why we are doing it , there would be no problems .
Also , the effects of those actions would be huge and would help improve the environmental situation . Nevertheless , we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred , so that we can all work for a greater objective .
In my opinion , in a decade we will be living in these homes . I ca n't wait to experience it .
With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind , thinking about what is the best pass or when you should run or stop .
If you want to start to play football , my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you might hurt your bones or muscles .
In order to be fit , you can run or ride a bike for two or three weeks and , after that , you will be prepared to play football .
To improve your skills , you can practise alone and you will become better than before .
I'm very excited ! I 'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time , but I 've already made some plans for it .
First of all , I 'd love to visit new places .
Would you mind making a list of places you like the most ?
Moreover , I need to organise a tandem to improve my English , but if that wo n't work , I could attend an English course .
Do you know any language schools ? They 're very expensive , so I will need more money .
In the meantime , what about helping me to find a part - time job ?
My favourite museum is the Hermitage , which is in the heart of my city .
Like Asian countries , such as Korea , China , and Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive for all students , especially for primary students .
They have to study a lot , with 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
Therefore , outside school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classes , such as math , writing , grammar , … .
Consequently , Vietnamese children do n't have any life skills and have many health problems , such as short - sightedness , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted has tended to increase in recent years .
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman , because you do n't only use your strength but also your balance .
You should try this amusing and thrilling sport because it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit more difficult .
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things . In summer I always go to the mountains , to my grandparents ' house , where I have fun with my uncles and cousins .
In winter it is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the nearby peaks . Skiing is my favourite sport , I have been doing that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slopes , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
Just before the assets get the journalist , Jason Bourne helps him to escape .
If you 'd like to see it , I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really want to watch it again .
As you know , I was really busy last month .
In the end , all went fatastically .
Throughout my life , I have lived in a few cities and villages located in the South of Russia .
In villages , the only means of public transportation is small buses , most of which can carry up to twenty passengers at any moment of time .
In regional centers , most people commute on trolleybuses and trams .
Now , in November , the weather in Russia is not so good , so I switched back to buses .
Hello , my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeen .
I still go to high school where I study four languages ; French , Spanish , English and Italian .
Thanks to my mom , to my travels and to the people I 've met , I 've learnt how to speak fearlessly and quite fluently in English .
I 've had a little bit of experience of summer babysitting for some kids . In Italy it is more difficult to be a babysitter because , if you are underage , parents should take responsibility for you , so it is better to be over 18 .
I love playing with kids , but , as always , there are some rules that have to be followed .
During those few times through which I built up my experience , we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in the Italian way .
To be honest , I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can cook a few good things like scrambled eggs , pasta and meat .
One of my characteristics is that I 'm a very precise person . For example , I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , ends well .
With this reliance , you can go through everything together .
Many people think it 's not really a sport .
Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone can use their car every day , especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
It is more convenient to move from here to there when you take the bus or subway , because you do n't have to worry about your car while working .
For these reasons , there will be a future for public transport , always .
I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kinds of sports activities , such as swimming and riding .
As for languages , I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and German fluently and recently I passed the First certificate in English .
First , the growth of the population still continues , the space for living is still a serious problem , although the skyscraper has already solved most problems related to the population crisis .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population . However , the building will produce more pollution if the skyscrapers are constructed from modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
Second , computer systems look like they solve most problems . However , these systems are more dangerous in specific situations .
This is a normal phenomenon in Taiwan . However , the police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
By Doing the household chores , like the washing , is another way to exercise as well .
In my opinion , the best way to develop your new friendship is meeting them ; having a coffee , a drink or whatever .
To be frank , a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and , what is more , it is important to say no sometimes .
For all of these reasons , we have to take care of our friendships these days and social networks are OK for being in touch with your friends . But if you want to make new ones .
And meet new people !
I arrived in Spain on Sunday morning . It was a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
Monday , I had the typical " family day " . I ate with all my family in our cottage .
My family is Catholic so at Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday . It 's the same for my family too .
I 'm Catholic . I believe in God , but I 'm not very friendly with the Vatican 's rules .
Those two day were family days . I had to go to the church to a mess which represents the last days alive of Jesus Christ : the last supper and the passion .
In my opinion , public transport is the future , because its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be easier to get around and cheaper , too .
Imagine going by car to cities like London . Is the car more convenient ?
In the last few years , public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and destinations .
On the other hand , it is possible to find hybrid cars , but they are more expensive than those that work with normal fuel and , for that reason , this kind of car is not people 's first choice .
A country has to pay for their carbon footprint and this means the more pollution is produced , the more the environmental damage . In other words a , bigger carbon footprint means more has to be paid .
So , the convenience of travelling by car is not entirely true .
Of course , you are in control of your time and destinations , but is it enough ?
Think about its impact on your finances and on the environment . Would n't it be better to take a bus , the underground , or a train ?
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteers , was talking about this project last week . She suggested we join it .
I have worked in various activities like this . For example , in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
Secondly , there is some research that proves that , in general , people who read are smarter than people who do not .
In general , all the things described above show how important reading is to exercise the brain .
First , I was really impressed by the performances of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and , because of that , really enjoyable .
On top of that , there was tension at all times .
This movie is outstanding . I believe that even people who are not really into thrillers will enjoy watching it .
Finally , the character of Hannibal Lecter is one of a kind . There is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
I learnt about the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London , as well as the life of William Shakespeare .
As it cost very little to get into an open - air theatre , everyone jammed in and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt , while the rich sat under shelter with an extra shilling paid .
One more interesting fact is that both the lovers in the play were Italians , but their playwright had never been to Italy .
The play lover King James I was impressed and became the patron of the Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
My village has been working on this project for decades . They have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort , we started with the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash cans for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( leftovers , paper , cardboard … ) another for plastics , and the last one for glass .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) . Every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy that provides part of the energy to each house on the days that the sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a dam beside it which provides us with enough water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic energy , but also wind energy ; on the outskirts of the village , there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Also , our water has one of the best purification methods . After we use it , we clean it so we do n't contaminate the water of the river or dam .
To try to keep the environment clean , we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking up all the rubbish and checking the whole area in case there is something not normal .
Apart from this group of volunteers , every person in the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as low as possible . Here the bicycle is the most popular mode of transport . Cars are n't common . They are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Therefore , it compares the purchase price , the warranty expenses and the running costs of each product .
Interestingly , the purchase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
In " Carda 's " case , the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is approximately $ 700 .
However , " Sebu " leads with a purchase price of $ 1,000 .
In this category , " KD " is the most expensive with a cost of $ 200 .
" Cada 's " product has the highest running costs , at $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " , the running costs only come to $ 800 , and " Sebu " obviously has the lowest expenses , at $ 600 .
As a long term investment , I would choose the " Sebus " model even though its purchase price is very high .
Many people claim that wearing fashionable clothes is very important .
Two days before , Peter received a letter from someone saying to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
Two years ago , Peter 's father had died , so Peter was the only one that knew where the treehouse was .
Peter ran into his father 's arms , but he disappeared and he promised himself that he would never ever tell anyone about the secret .
I do not think that there is no future for public transport because not all people can have a car , especially poor people in a developing country .
After natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed on a large scale , there are no close places with beautiful scenery to visit .
As for animals , which are a part of nature , where is a home for them ?
We are , however , conscious of the financial difficulties that young people face today . It is for this reason that we propose the following idea .
This could be the greatest experience of your life . Do n't miss it ! !
In addition , I am a very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
Finally , I want to let you know both of my referees are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
This year , I decided to clean the local forest with my family .
First , we thought it would be good to plant trees , and it 's easy to do this .
Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because , when the forests are clean , forest fires hardly happen .
It will save lots of plants and animals . It will save the environment , so it will save you and me .
By saving the environment , you are saving your life .
For sure , her friends were preparing a big surprise .
Firstly , just after she went into school , they greeted her with a million colourful balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
Then she had to go to class , so every balloon was sent into the sky , which was a beautiful sight .
Eventually , they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexpected .
In my opinion , I recommend you to stop going to sports classes , because I think music classes are better , because you can also get a job in an orchestra or something like that .
Also you can work as an athlete and you can earn a large amount of money , but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
So , yes , I recommend you to carry on with your music classes , but if you prefer to do sports , I will support you also .
I do n't know which of them you like more , but I am sure that you like one more than the other , so if you want to be a basketball player , do n't give up with it .
So , that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation , but you are the one that has to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
This study project will be developed by studying :
To ensure safety , wearing safety shoes is the most basic measure .
For example , on the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear a face mask when the machine is on to protect them from being hit by the tube with high pressure air . Likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
A life being unseen to human eyes .
The movie was stoning . Some of the plots were rather shocking .
Before I moved to Canada ,
Now , from books , movies , I know some of the most influential movements . I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaker .
I know the first person who ended segregation in the south was a 9-year - old girl .
What if I was an African - American ? What if I had been born during segregation ?
What would I do for my country ?
I was born and raised in China . Being a Chinese person , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers did to us during World War II .
I have no idea why we had to learn those legends , which were full of darkness , torture and violence .
It was the first day of Max 's school excursion to Patagonia . They had arrived there the night before , but today was the day they would actually go exploring .
They left early in the morning . Everyone on the trip was very excited .
As soon as they got to the base of the mountain trail , everyone filled up their water bottle and began walking .
Halfway through the trip , Max heard a weird noise close by and he decided to see what was going on , but before he knew it , he was all alone .
The noise continued , so he decided to see what was happening . As he turned the corner , he found himself looking at a puma that was badly injured .
He followed the trail until , finally , he was able to catch up with the class .
So , overall , I would recommend this documentary to everybody because everyone must know what we are doing to the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
For me , the practitioner 's safety is one of the most important things , as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Dear Mr Smith ,
My cooking abilities are not good enough , but I can learn to cook quickly .
Two weeks ago , he met a beautiful girl on Linkedin .
This would cause global warming , causing the disappearance of winter .
The same day , he asked his Science teacher if this would probably happen in the future .
When Tom arrived home , he explained to his parents everything related to the campaign and they were very happy .
I am the eldest of four brothers and sisters and I used to take care of them when my parents were at work , especially because I love babysitting !
Maybe the shape of homes will not change as much as the interior .
For sure , technology will play the main role in every home .
Everything will work remotely ; lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to program everything by time , day , month and so on .
Unfortunately , we ca n't know that for sure .
One year ago , Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , from the film " Sleeping beauty " .
The film is about Maleficent , who becomes bad because she is abused by Stefan , her true love .
Later , Stefan becomes King and decides to cut down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
Finally , Maleficent overpowers Stefan .
At the end , Aurora lives with Maleficent in the magic forest .
I think learning is like a weapon for any individual and enables him to be like a champion .
Learning has no end . We spend all of our lives learning from circumstances we face .
, but it also means improving your skills , your talents .
Always remember that " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school " , Albert Einstein said .
Kunta was not only a great man in the Gambia , but a hero .
In this era , there are many types of public transport used by people . For example : bus , train , monorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , and so on .
In view of all of these points , it is not wrong to say that public transport is still available and very useful in our daily life ; even though there are many types of car , which are more convenient .
It is very friendly transportation where people from all places meet on one transport system and they can build a relationship between them .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I have already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too , because I have helped with many events at my school .
I am writing to apply for one of the camp monitor positions you advertised in last Monday 's Daily News . I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
I am 18 years old , and I am quite self - confident and a reliable person . I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I get on well with young children .
I have been working in several camps during the last year . For this reason , I have some relevant experience in this area . In addition , I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children during activities related to sports and cooking .
For all the different reasons described above , I believe I would be suitable for this post .
If you require any further information , do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
I 'm not a sportsman . I like watching basketball , tennis , football , but my favorite sport is running .
A lot of people like it , I think because it is the cheapest sport .
We need only amazing running shoes , and that 's all . OK ... ,
we need at least 45 minutes per day , or at least 3 times a week .
For me it is like meditation . I can think about everything or nothing .
It is very good for the circulation . Running helps me to be in good shape .
Buy good shoes , and the first time , 5 minutes ' running is enough !
Go every second day . Run at your own pace , and the next week you can do more ! ... and one day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
It offers a delicious Egyptian menu which provides enough dishes to cover all tastes . As an example , their delicious fresh eggplant traditional salad .
What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ? With a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds to the flavor of their food .
In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table that could fit the whole class , professionally named the meeting table .
Many thanks and I hope for a wonderful trip , regardless of the restaurant voted for .
Although it was not easy to get used to such a teaching style . It did not take long for me to realise what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doing so .
Nobody would deny the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable advantages , such as mass production , information and communication devices , as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
The rules are pretty simple , but the game is quite tough , you could hurt yourself really badly .
It says the bravery of a man is reckoned by the number of scars on his body , except on his back , because they thought to be dead on the field was far better than retreating .
So , I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value , which gives high rank to bravery .
It could seem very strange , but I was very excited , because ,
on this date , the BBC released the new series of Doctor Who ...
The Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions , who are normally humans . In his experiences he saved whole planets from other bad aliens .
I think Doctor Who is totally different from other science fiction films . It has always done the unthinkable , the impossible , things that no one else has even dreamed of .
! If , ( one day ) I have the possibility to do it , I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
In my opinion , this series was wonderful and , I look forward to the next one !
We recommend you to consider the electronic content available through these library subject guides .
She had been trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she still felt unready to cover a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed at the B2 level in reading and listening , while in speaking and writing the level she had joined after doing a specific test was only B1 .
Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti , because our stove will do it better than any Italian cook .
As my sister constantly says , " You 're lucky because you have the memory of a goldfish . You remember absolutely nothing . "
In contrast to my sister ( she has an extraordinary memory ) , I forget everything easily and keep looking for new emotions and adventures .
A year ago , the idea of beginning a blog came to me as advice from an English teacher .
I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English . The third bird will be my hatred of writing .
Such tasks made my family busy for an evening and , anyway , I always had a poor mark .
So my dear blog ( I heard that 's the way I have to interact with it ) , you will be about nothing .
He : lol . I think I will win :P You wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
I have so much nothing in my head to write about .
As a result of these changes , people will change , and their way of life will as well .
The Earth , the Moon , maybe Mars , will all be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap towards it .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait for a specific time and you can go anywhere , but when you travel on public transport you must wait for the time when the public transport can take you .
With public transport , you must go to the points along the route .
I am very glad to read this good news . It is the first step towards the final result and I will try to do my best to give you useful information for your interview .
The day of the event , dress not too formal but also not to informal .
When you get here , send me a text .
In my opinion , it is really exciting , because you are constantly thinking about where the girls are or who could be the kidnaper .
At any case , in my opinion , it is a great film which many people will enjoy if they see it .
On the one hand , it can be funny to imagine and create the story of how everything happened formerly .
Well , it keeps me fit , but not my body in the first instance ; it 's good for my brain .
Some people think young people spend enough time on helping their communities . However , others disagree with the idea .
The world is becoming more and more competitive . Young people have to spend a lot of time educating themselves to survive in this society .
They have to do full - time jobs in the daytime , and have a part - time job at night .
So , in Russian print , the name of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
First translations appeared at the end of the 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually , because they are translated from German or French and the translators changed the plots as they wanted ( and turned them into tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations , the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia , in the meantime , turns out to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet 's torture completely unbearable ) .
By 1855 , only six plays had been left untranslated .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin , took English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
In the poetical drama Masquerade by another famous Russian poet , Mikhail Lermontov , we clearly read Othello 's features .
Since that time , Shakespeare has been one of our favorite artists .
We love his simplicity and veracity . We adore his multiplicity and imagination . We appreciate his straightness and audacity . We prize his delicacy and his sense of humour , of course !
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over and could we meet up later , you can imagine how angry he made me , because I ca n't put up this kind of person who is always late .
On Saturday morning , I had to work and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the city centre at the exact time .
I got cold feet . I could n't understand what was happening .
We were going to have lunch together , but he was going to come later .
Despite all , this I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until Laura came to town .
Finally last night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang . I went to open the door and outside was my friend Matus .
At the beginning , I did n't want to talk with him but , on second thoughts , all people deserve a second chance .
All in all , he apologized and in the end , everything was resolved .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located on the patio of an old building in the zocalo . The type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and these trees shade the diners when they are eating .
If you want a different and unique restaurant , you must go to Azul Historico , because it has delicious food , sometimes has regional music and the service is excellent .
Furthermore , I should probably mention the enormous number of advertisements that people are forced to watch every single day once they have switched on this box .
As a matter of fact , viewers are not able to decide the script , but they can still decide to switch the television off .
Well , there are a lot of different opinions , but I do not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
As you can see on my CV , which I enclose with this letter , I have studied International Trade and have a degree in Economics and Marketing with high grades from the London Economics School during four years .
Also , I have a degree in IT from the Google University . I did that course online .
I have worked in Harrods for five years as a shopping assistant , and now I am working at the Apple Store in Covent Garden as floor manager . I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improve your profits every year .
Yours sincerely ,
For example , every day we are invaded by facts from news on TV but it very often happens that some information is left in the background , whereas less important information is broadcast in its place .
My main tasks were : taking care of children aged 10 - 15 , organising events such as parties , swimming competitions , outside sports matches etc . , and overall , I was in charge of preparing and cooking meals for more than 50 people .
Currently , I am very interested in working in the States in order to improve my English .
In march of 2014 , I got my First Certificate and I would be delighted to up my level and get the Advanced Level and this chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
For all these reasons , I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of that .
Yours faithfully
Over decades , music is an eternal art which develops day by day .
We need music most of the time or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression that can affect us and prevent us from doing our best .
It has many branches and types . Some are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people throughout the world share .
For example , In Northern Sudan , people have been using the " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
Internationally , the kinds of music are many . However , most of them share the same instruments .
In particular , the piano is a universal instrument that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the orchestra .
Last but not the least , music is a sort of treatment for those who are suffering , so , regardless of its type or nationality , it 's a kind of medicine for the soul .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods like the inquisition . Knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies , since knowledge through books had become a threat to their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although some ideas were maintained , ( for instance , the astronomy of Galileo Galilei ) , the book - burning caused a delay in knowledge because , if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the movable type printing press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gave access to knowledge , recovering significant books by Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues could spread their ideas to more people who were becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
In addition , it produced collective readings through the ecclesiastical method , with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in books to all social classes .
On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet , in which access to knowledge is easier and faster , leaving aside books .
People die , but books never die " , it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time , taking into account that knowledge revolution is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the spread of the information . For instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was adapted to the political and religious thought of the speaker . So , the most efficient and objective way to transmit knowledge was through books , and it was not possible because of the burning .
In contrast , nowadays , books are not necessary at all , because the internet facilitates knowledge even more .
That is why I could adapt the phrase by Franklin , saying that " knowledge can not be killed by people because knowledge is infinite . "
According to the CDC , the percentage of children aged 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years in the United States .
This means that in the past three decades , obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , asthma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and musculoskeletal problems .
A lot of kids grow up with a different way of thinking just because of the damage that children can cause . One example is the famous " bullying " , the principal method that kids use to annoy the ones that look different .
So money , today , is really important in our lives and , in this case , rich people are very lucky .
In fact , especially in rich families , the children are in trouble with their parents , above all when they have parents who are separated .
Also , most children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money their family has , and they grow up wanting more and more things .
So , in this case , money is more important than other things .
So , in my opinion , today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more about feeling good with our families and with ourselves .
I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids . I 've experienced all kinds of situations , so I think they wo n't be a problem for me .
I 'm also very good at sports . I practise track & field and ping pong , so sports are n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person , so I will be very happy with the accommodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
I am 16 years of age and , due to having a sister , I really like working with children and also know their interests well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competitions , so I believe that I am suitable for the job .
In addition , I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good at combining my experience of swimming with my broad knowledge of the countryside , which I think will be interesting for the children .
That morning his , grandmother had gone to the hospital because she had to have an operation and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 'd be bored and she could n't get out of bed for a few days .
So Peter went home to get his wallet , but before that he decided to take a nap because he was tired , so he started to sleep , but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him on the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
Unfortunately , the hospital was already closed to visitors , so he had to wait until the next morning .
In the future , everyone will be able to go on holiday all around the world since the transport will be faster and cheaper .
For decades , man has preferred to use another way of getting around than using his own feet .
Scientists have been able to provide , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , which have been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beyond another country 's border by agreement between those countries .
Many people say that they prefer using their own cars , but they are being forced to use public transport for many reasons , such as , the complications they face with the driver 's license , in addition to the high cost of fuel .
Let 's not forget the hard times during cold weather , especially in winter , while going to the bus stops , or their low chances of having a good place to sit . Maybe there is another important reason that raises private transport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
Also , I learned that you have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quite a difficult task . I liked that the teacher trusted me .
To start with , you must decide what kind of shopping you prefer and how much money you have .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping , called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd better go on Khreshatik Street .
I often buy second - hand , old - fashioned jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets and shoes .
In conclusion , I have to say that in Kiev you can find everything , if you really want to .
As soon as we open our eyes every day , we begin to use technology , such as alarms , cell phones and lights .
The more technology we use , the more important it is .
I can call my dad who lives in New York now , then call my friend living in Norway after the first call .
I ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only by voice and message but also by video call now .
Technology is one important part of our lives which has made life more convenient .
As one person said , ' ' Sitting at a computer , you will get the world . ''
When you ca n't breathe in your life , you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened to music on your cellphone or watch some funny videos after all the things that bothered you .
Technology has changed our lives in many ways , which brings many advantages for us , such as convenience , making it easy to connect with friends and easier to access entertainment .
In conclusion , in these three premises , I consider that technology and science are more important than art and music .
If somebody wanted to play soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to do some stretching because soccer is a very active sport , so you always have a possibility to be injured .
Nowadays , many people have their own favorite sports , but people are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sport .
She looked around the living room , and was surprised how many people were there .
Then she and her friends went out and walked through all the town until early morning .
For example , in our capital city , Prague , there are many historical buildings like Carl 's Bridge , the Cathedral of St. Vit , the big clock called Orloj , and so many others .
If you prefer to go to the countryside , I can recommend our mountains , Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
For example , near Prague is the castle called Karlštejn , where Karel IV lived , or the castle called Buchlovice , which is in the south - east of our country near the city of Uherské Hradiště .
If you would like to ask anything or get to know more information about some place , just let me know .
I am the eldest in my family , so I had to take care of my sisters and cousins .
The first martial art that I tried was tae kwon doo and I practised it for 5 years . After that , I started kung fu and I 'm still there .
I have been doing gymnastics for 4 months and am fascinated with it , I like to be tired from doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily . If it 's not gymnastics , it 's kung fu .
I like those sports because you need a lot of strength and dedication to get better . I like kung fu weapons and hands - free forms . To do something spectacular in kung fu , you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked it , many did not because they did not know what it was , but after experiencing it for yourself , you realize that they are very beautiful sports .
After authorizing my credit card company , I tried to renew it , but again , there was the same error message .
First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and , much better , is a member of the family .
On the other hand , there are a lot of disadvantages to owning a pet in big cities .
I have heard about pets that get sick through living in a small apartment in town , and that is terrible .
In my opinion , it might seem good to have a pet if we take care of it .
All in all , owning a pet in a big city must be done carefully , ensuring all that the pet needs .
Good authors , I think , have to be able to find a way to keep together these two important aspects .
Environmental protection for instance , or more practically , the correct use of the water in our houses .
Various contents could have an educative value . For example , those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
All these topics , by using creativity and new technologies , can be dealt with in a way to make them soft and able to entertain .
It is that 76 people are confirmed dead in a Colombian plane crash .
For example , regularly examination of the condition of airplanes is needed . At the same time , teaching people how to act when facing an emergency .
First of all , you need to preview . If you do this , you 'll have a clear idea about what you are going to learn in class .
Taking care of our environment is considered , by many of us , one of the most important things in our lives .
Everybody knows what separating rubbish into different bins means , but , a large part of society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that do not recycle .
I would say to them , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made from recycled materials , allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycling , which is the following one : the biggest waste of energy takes place in primal resources industries . If we reused all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce its costs by at least half .
The chilis restaurant at 123 Street , Toronto , is really a great place to hang out .
The scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . If you want to have a lip - smacking dessert , this is the ultimate place .
If you want to have a quiet , cozy dinner , you can sit at the table in the corner .
Whereas if you are going there to party with friends or watch a game , you get a table in a suitable place . I believe that if we could all go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
That was just the number of union members , so in fact , there were more secondhand clothing stores in the Edo period .
Another point is that clothes was more valuable than now .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan and the recycling system was forgotten for a long time .
The media , also known as mass media , is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what is happening all around the world regarding every issue , such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights , and so on .
Nowadays , we can easily get information we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
As European citizens , we are surrounded , directly or indirectly , with loads of social problems and issues in Europe , so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
So that we can be active citizens and help the EU continue to develop .
Nevertheless , today I usually go to the cinema when I really want to watch a particular film .
Nowadays , I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scripts and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Directors ' films , like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo or Alex de la Iglesia .
On the one hand , comedies are my favourites because I need to laugh when I have finished my work .
But on the other hand , I have got used to going to the cinema as often as I can , but I wish cinema were cheap .
Once , I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not manage to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day . Despite that , I was happy to get away from crowds and shops .
There are some assistants who , if you ask or even do not ask , start suggesting the best products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , the shops are often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
I 'm glad you moved . I haven't got round to finding time to spend with you .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mornings . I 'm very busy at work .
If I were you , I would join the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthily and , of course , you should forget those delicious cakes you usually make !
Football is the most beautiful sport in the world . It 's the dream profession of almost all boys when they are kids . When you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increase your passion by supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team achieve glory , you can also feel that , and in those moments , you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to experience the love and passion that you feel when you are playing or watching a football match . And if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you r team ca n't finish the journey to the championship .
There are lots of interesting sports , but there is normally one that you like the most .
In my case , it is not really a sport in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a big physical effort .
You have to be a disciplined and well - balanced person . That 's it .
The start is the hardest part , considering that your body is not used to doing this kind of sport . However , once you are into it , everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group , so you meet people and you can make friends after a while .
You must not be on your own , otherwise you can not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that makes a strong relationship forever .
I encourage everyone to try it . I am sure you will become a better person .
I did not find it hard at all . As a matter of fact , it was easier than I thought .
If you are not used to doing it , you could make a mistake , and that is when the sport becomes dangerous .
After a few lessons , you will be able to go diving by yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that this sport gives you .
Without a doubt , our life is changing quickly and we do not realise this .
Although cars will be better than now , they will not fly yet .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's lives will change in the next years , but these changes will help to improve our environment and our daily life .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant activity , but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
Shopping may cause frustration , mainly when we have to squeeze through the crowd .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming - is also the most serious issue the world is facing today .
There is scientific evidence that disasters like Katrina and Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
As global warming can have such serious impacts on life on Earth ,
Governments & individuals both have a role to play in facing this the biggest challenge of the time the Earth is facing .
My name is Stela . I am 36 years old and my English is very good .
I am a very hard - working , organized , calm and friendly person .
I have two kids ; one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old , so I have plenty of experience with kids .
He hoped a lot of students would join in with this activity , so he made a rule which was that if you got your friends ' writing , you could get 1 dollar per writing .
I thought , no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar as a prize .
I told them , you can just write , no matter what you write .
One day , Michael entered his office and his employee happily told him , " we got a lot of responses " .
Academic culture refers to the attitudes and values that are shown by the people who work or study at universities .
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) , I found vast differences in teaching methods between Nepal and Australia .
In Nepal , students study individually and do not ask questions of the tutor even if they are confused .
At first , I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups and used to hesitate while sharing my ideas and opinions , but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two - way learning process in which members of a group find it easier to discuss the content .
It helps to share ideas and knowledge , among students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing , and so on .
In the future , I will improve my learning strategies by working actively in groups .
If we go to Bierkeller , we wo n't regret it and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and being happy as a group
For many years , Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes which drive by themselves and nobody needs to steer the car .
First of all , self driving cars are good for people who have got a handicap .
At the moment , people who have got a handicap can not drive a car by themselves .
When these people can drive a self - driving car , they feel more comfortable and they can live more freely .
Similarly important is the fact that self - driving cars are safer than non- self - driving cars .
Self - driving cars are steered by very modern software and this software is so exact that the number of accidents will decline .
In contrast , self driving cars are very expensive and many people can not buy one .
Self - driving cars are very modern and drive with highly technical software .
In the future , this could create a big gap between poor and rich people .
This is the reason why self - driving cars may be something only for rich people in the near future .
The automobile companies have to work on a plan so that self - driving can be bought by people from the middle class too .
When this happens , self - driving cars will be an enrichment in our lives .
I really recommend every young person to visit it once when you have time , although it might be better to avoid the weekends .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
People use their cars for travelling a long or short distance . This is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
In my country , for instance , people start playing football at a very early age .
Finally , football is , like all sports , very good for your health .
So it might cause some injuries .
Why do I enjoy running ?
If you want to do this sport , you can simply take a pair of sneakers and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
There is no need for expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you and a safe place with enough space .
Sometimes , they are happy ; sometimes , they are sad .
As we all know , technology is making life better .
This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by , more and better modifications are made to cars .
Imagine the future . Will public transport still be used ?
I hope that my report helped you and Active Leisure Club will improve its facilities .
There are plenty of choices ; novel , historical , drama or comedy .
Also , there are different formats to read . I mean , you can read a book or an ebook .
This book has a very fluent plot , which makes Vanity fair one of the best novels .
When you read a book you ca n't stop reading it .
One night , he went to a party with his colleagues .
I heard that you were working on an experiment ! "
" Actually , I am still working on it !
As time passed , Peter and John gradually became closer to each other .
Everything was going very well ; nonetheless , Peter 's intentions changed and became riddle .
There was a lack of ambition in him .
I am taking a vacation during the second half of March and I see it as a perfect time to join the summer camp , as the dates coincide .
With my experience as a teaching assistant , I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy learning . I follow a lot of sports channels on TV during my free time and that helps me with setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensuring they are organized well .
There are other types of public transport such as buses , trains , or even planes for long trips .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
Thank you for writing . I was worried about you .
Secondly , I am so happy that you are pleased with your new home . And what is it like ?
In your letter you wrote that you are missing some people and things . What and who do you miss ?
I can imagine how difficult it can be , but calm down , you will find different things to do and make friends soon .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has its own pros and cons , but in my opinion , the difference between both of these is that in the second you choose your own way .
However , I think that this mode of transport has some disadvantages . For instance , if there are a lot of cars in a small city , pollution will increase and the environment will be damaged .
Also , if a city is small , people should walk to different places since everything is near to their houses .
Finally , in Extremadura , the least used mode of transport is the train .
We are in Moscow . It is a very big city , so there are many interesting places where I usually do some activities .
I think Gorky Park is a good place where we can spend our time .
In the summer , it is a place where you can play volleyball in the special court with sand , play ping - pong , or if you are tired , you can sit in a special hammock .
And in the evening , you can go to the open - air cinema .
In the winter , Gorky Park is very beautiful and there is an ice skating park .
I like this park , so to my mind , it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to Gorky Park .
I would prefer to eat lighter dishes , like vegetables with rice .
As usual , I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yoghurt .
I studied English at school .
While studying at University , my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dream !
I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills . Thanks , too , to your help .
First of all , before discussing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same course and at the same school .
This makes it nearly a complete self - study course , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
In addition , on placement , the things you learn are always focused on that particular job and company .
And finally , the third and last reason why I think you learn more on placement than at school .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are , of course , useful for your knowledge , but , the way of following these lessons is not a natural work pattern .
In a natural work pattern , you have to do , like school , your tasks , but the communication is also an important part of it .
While on placement , they work more in an evaluating way to improve skills .
So , with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion on this question , I think it does n't have to be explained any further now .
Moreover , people enjoy being free and , therefore , they are willing to travel long distances .
Especially in the countryside , public transport is no alternative to cars , due to the lack of frequency .
However , it will remain in the future , as many people still use it or even depend on it .
As for pollution , in spite of having a decent public transport system , Granada is one of the worst cities in Spain .
However , Granada can not be considered as cycle - friendly . There are fewer cycling lanes than in other cities of a similar size .
When the weather is good enough , close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and entertainments .
Last week , I went to Barcelona with my sister , Caroline . She had to take an exam .
Nowadays , almost every person in the world watches movies sometimes or all the time .
That day was a terrible day for Michael . He woke up and felt totally exhausted after an overwhelming birthday party .
On this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have made to it , upload photos and movies about your car and , of course , you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
The other website I often use is Google.com , because it is the greatest search engine ever created by human beings .
I think that many google users will be happy if the developers bring more useful information to the main page , for example , weather information , currency rates or hot news .
Moreover , google map service needs some improvements , such as street names , map accuracy and more city panoramas .
There , you will be able to find out a lot of information about the history of Moscow and Russian rulers .
I hope you will enjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion , seeing the great architectural monuments
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills , and eager to learn from others .
I am keen to work for a company with a great reputation , like Green Pepper Cafe .
For instance , in a big city , we can very easily find a specific place to serve our children , such as special toilets and a Breast - Feeding Room in every subway .
Eating according to a schedule is a very important tip you should take into consideration , and also , trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
However , drinking 2 litres of water every day is essential for your health and has a lot of benefits , such as helping energise your muscles or keeping your skin looking good .
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love while feeling healthy and living healthily .
I am a really cheerful person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and , in my opinion , I am a very energetic youngster .
Also , I would be grateful for information about the tasks I would be called on to do if I got the job .
Thus , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowded and difficult , especially in the rush hour when people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock . The main reason for that is the increasing number of people in our country ( housing problems ) and the result of that is a lot of accidents have happened and a lot of people have died .
According to a study published by the journal " American Journal of Medicine Brevintev " in August / August next that there is more public transport in cities where the population has become leaner and healthier .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation " Rand " American research and development staff to monitor regularly use public transportation or go to work by car in a year .
The supervisor of the study , John M .
MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania , " investment in public transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity " .
The transport sector in Arab countries suffers from many shortcomings and poor performance and is a cause of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate costs and , in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries , public transport systems are still undeveloped and compel people to rely on private cars .
The optimistic opinion , some people say that " there is no future for public transport " , saying that the future of public transport is clear and the proof of that is that in ancient , times there was n't any transport and by the time people started to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars to the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by creative people .
On the other hand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries like Japan and Kuwait we do n't find problems like these because they have good planning , they make routes underground and overground , then they have routes only for people and routes only for cars . Finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care about that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
My typical evening out is going to Anec Blau and , after that , I go to the cinema to watch a comedy film or go for a walk with friends .
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place where in Poland is produced a traditional and well - known beer .
Firstly , it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated with objects from South Asia .
The place is small , but it 's very cozy .
They serve all meals in small portions , and they suggest that the servings can be shared , so everybody can try more items from the menu .
Finally , to add one more touch to the experience , you can take a ride in their tuk - tuk .
Nowadays , we live in a society that is totally dependent on transport .
This happens because , not only do we live in big cities , but we also have no time to waste .
Because of this , we have witnessed an increase in traffic .
However , some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right . ple do n't like it . They prefer travelling by car .
Some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right .
Considering that companies are now moving to the outskirts of cities and there is a lack of more flexible timetables , some people discount the public transport option .
As a result of this , many people are trying new options , like car sharing .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone . Consequently , car manufacturers look on it as a new opportunity to create new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
I personally believe that , because of all this , the public transport will have no future in our society .
In the past , technology was poor and only a few people had a smartphone or a computer .
In contrast , today , everyone has the latest model of telephone or computer or whatever .
In the last ten years , technology has made a big jump and , thanks to the Internet , we can search for everything whenever we want .
In the past , it was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time . They could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relationship with them .
Today , everyone knows how everything is easier with technological devices , but it 's sadder because you ca n't share your thoughts with anybody .
There is a large number of African children who suffer because of the lack of food and clean water .
They have to walk long distances to have clean water and to work , too , to survive .
Children who have to work and can not go to school wo n't get a better life and their dreams will never come true .
Unfortunately , this is the sad reality .
The principal cause of famine in Africa is the ethnic conflicts , which cause wars , the decrease of fertile land and the use of ground only to produce monoculture to export .
At that moment , he understood that the mayor was going to build a big motorway there , next to the river .
For instance , some people discard cigarettes or matches which are unattended , like barbeques or campfires .
We went to two riding stables but I did not find a horse that I liked .
And in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc , to the pool .
The next day , me and my best friend went to go bowling and play billiards while my parents took my sisters to ride a pony .
She is called Canelle . She 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
The lesson did not go very well ; she was interested in other dogs and she was not listening .
It was perfect . She jumped sixty centimeters .
Its true attractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is at the pinnacle of Andalusian art , is also its location , which is unique .
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer , I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance , which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gardens , where you can enjoy amazing artists and orchestras in an unrivalled setting .
Overview . It is clear that the process of making bank notes begins with Design and ends with Disposal or Distribution .
This will not be a problem if you travel only short distances , but on long journeys , that will be very uncomfortable .
There is the risk that you will not get the connecting bus and , so , you are stressed .
In conclusion , travelling by car is the easiest and best way . I think that it is not possible to use public transport , because there are no buses or trains .
So they could share their cars with other people .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement , with qualifications , for the following reasons .
In addition , students , in the course of research , may create serendipity .
" You must do the thing you think you can not do " ,
Remember when in school you learned the three essential things for living ; reproduction , nutrition and interaction ?
Nowadays , going to the gym is the new trend , but you should n't only do sport because it 's trendy .
If you want to meet young people , I suggest you stay in a youth hostel .
In spite of the fact that the weather should be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes , but also a jacket for rainy days .
At that moment , I felt regretful and frustrated .
In addition , not only putting things in order , but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage time .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states , a daily , weekly and semester planner can be beneficial for organizing our time ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper timetable , because the planners clearly show me an outline of the near future .
As we know , football or soccer is the king of sports at present .
When we watch a football game , everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of football .
If you want to start practising this sport , you have to get fit and run a lot because you have got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
The other big commercial area is in the city center , with a more varied offer : fashion , bars , supermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....
Alternatively , every Friday in the parking lot next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of product : local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
I would recommend the tourist office to increase the variety of shops in Puerto Marina .
Dream walked towards me and said " Do you know how to satisfy a lady ?
I will teach you how to satisfy a lady tonight " .
Once again Dream said to get ready . I did n't utter a word , without wasting any movement .
She smiled and said " not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we will start " .
She smiled and said , " wait for some time . I will finish my body massage and then you can join " me .
I said that I would help her with applying oil . She said " Do you know how to apply ? " .
Let me introduce myself . I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infrastructure company called Acciona .
I usually earn between 50.000 € and 60.000 € each year and it is never enough . I do n't have any financial security .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects , so I spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase profits and I am doing well .
I manage risky projects and , eventually , I get high revenues .
For this reason , I am reading your book and listening to your podcast .
As you know , my country is made up of different races , so there are many different traditional foods in my country , so you can try different cuisines like banana leaf rice and hainanese chicken rice .
So , these are the advice I can give you . Hope that it will help you when you come to my country .
But , finally , I have decided to vote for one of them .
My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and , consequently , the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays the starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
Most people in Bali rely too much on their private vehicles , hence they have totally abandoned public transportation .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling on a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to having two to four of them trapped in a car . In other words , one mass transportation means against twelve or more cars on the same road .
We can change . We have to change for a better future .
Also , the lifestyle was completely different ; the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and many people did work that can now be done by a few of them .
Perhaps in 50 years more , we will live in a world where technology makes our life much easier , but at the same time , we will be depending on it .
As you asked for my advice , I would suggest getting a job in the summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in the summer as a result , you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
The place where I enjoyed myself the most was " the Bran Castle " , also known as Dracula 's castle .
It 's one of the most beautiful castles , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this country is known for , and that is Dracula .
The biggest one in the country is in the city where I live , so you 'll have a place to stay , and for free .
The first reason is that I have already studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience . I met very nice people from all over the world . I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoyed my stay in Oxford .
The second is a pragmatic reason . I have a five year degree and I worked for two years in a medical devices company but now I am unemployed .
In Italy , it is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try work experience in the UK , but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
Public transport is a common means of transport used in many countries , usually to transport people en masse from one location to another .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
Another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destinations , which require planning and catching public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
Welcome tourists ,
This is a guide for you . I hope it will help you a little .
First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lot of people come by train , It is situated at the top of the town and is the best way to travel to yours because it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
There are many shops around the town . For example , we have one where children can make teddy bears while the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
For adults , we have a little old museum where you can live one day like sixty years ago . So , if you have never been in one , you should go , because it does not cost very much . Besides , the museum has a kindergarten for the kids .
Apart from that , the town is near the beach , and there we have many restaurants where you can eat while you are watching the waves on the sea .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years ago it was a castle , and you can sleep in the king 's bed and every night it has theatre , where you can take a part in a play .
As you can see in the attached CV , I have experience working with children of different ages .
For three years , I babysat my neighbor 's two daughters .
When I started , they were 3 and 6 years old and I loved preparing crafts to do with them and I usually had to give them dinner .
In addition , for the last three years , I have been a volunteer at my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
Working with children , I have learned to be more patient and , moreover , I am able to motivate them to give the best of themselves .
Also , I have gained communication skills through speaking with the children and the families .
Regarding working in the kitchen , I am a really good cook and I usually help my parents every weekend .
Without doubt , I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
Besides its advantages , which are that it is cheap and fast , there are many disadvantages to taking a bus or train , such as time , quality of service , and overcrowding .
It is said that , instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . In my opinion ,
First of all , public transport is used by many people who do not have cars , like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
Traffic jams always happen in the rush hours , when there are so many cars on the road .
It has been affecting the environment , causing climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to the increasing demand for using petrol for private cars .
In my opinion , the biggest problem with buses is that they are becoming very degraded and in desperate need of repair .
For the average middle - aged person , the logical option is to use a taxi .
that 's amazing . I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I received an email from you !
Anyway , they must visit our main square , which has many historical buildings .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre , so what about going shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is very convenient for tourists because they can reach everything on foot .
It 's the biggest hill , where you can go up the lookout tower and it 's not far from České Budějovice .
There is an interesting observatory too , and what 's more , the best restaurant I have ever been to .
Regular citizens seem to be tired of eternal traffic jams and yards filled with parked cars .
Overall , there are a number of causes for disagreeing with the suggestion that private transport is becoming more and more popular in comparison with public transport .
The only thing that definitely should be changed in the future , is the approach to the usage of cars powered by gasoline .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , you will find a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " . Opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent it quickly getting busy at lunch time at the weekends .
Although sometimes it might be rather noisy because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurant , relaxing .
You can choose from a variety of dishes on their menu - sushi , maki , etc .
In this sense , the term " time management " means the ability to control time by prioritizing tasks and planning the effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and to keep concentration on motivating yourself to learn towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Based on examining my current experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning , is the root cause of these problems .
Therefore , it is a multicultural and multiracial society .
On the other hand , Cáceres is divided into two main areas ; the new city , which has modern and tall buildings .
The center of the historical city is the Big Square . There are mixed Arabs and Roman buildings , and two cathedrals .
Jorge was a king who won an important battle against the Arabs .
In the third place , this year , Cáceres is the capital of gastronomy in Spain .
Some people do n't like this food , but at this restaurant you can eat other types of food . For example , Spanish food and Mexican food .
This restaurant is buffet style . We paid 15€/person and we could eat and drink all that we wanted .
From my point of view , this restaurant has one drawback ; the waiters and waitresses do n't come to the table , you have to go to get your food and drink .
I love this restaurant . The food is absolutely delicious .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it contributes to improving health and personality , and the reading contradicts this by revealing the downside of it .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduces blood clots and slows down the deterioration of brain function .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to maintain healthy movement , because some research has shown that people who drink moderately have a lesser proportion of body fat , because alcohol speeds up the metabolism , which makes calories burn quickly .
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior , which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinkers , and they are more social , popular and they are more likely to be married .
Firstly , it is stated that alcohol leads to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose the calories of a glass of wine .
Furthermore , studies have shown that alcohol stimulates the appetite , which makes people consume more than they need .
For example , researchers have found that belly fat is related to alcohol .
In fact , studies show that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults are linked to alcohol .
For example , in the past , the main modes of transportation were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait a long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now , an increasing number of consumers and logistics companies have chosen airplanes , which can save a lot of time for transporting their parcels .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel , which has put heavy pressure on transportation .
If you visit it , you will probably appreciate all the innovations applied to save our environment .
For example , all the members of the town council use bikes , so they are a good example to all citizens .
So , if you want a bike , to get around easily , you have to get a card which allows you access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
In my town , cars do n't pollute .
These engines use bio fuels , so the environment is not affected .
Moreover , if you want to find a good job , you must be able to speak two or three languages without any problems .
I also know Spanish and , in addition , I 'm learning English right now .
I 'm living in Worcester , a city in England .
Last year , I was in Poland and I could see how important it was to speak English . With this language , you can communicate with other people , not just English people but with all people around the world .
When I was a child I did n't understand why I needed to learn English , but now I can see how important it is . For this reason , I 'm motivated to learn .
On the other hand , I love travelling and if you know several languages everything will be easier .
However , learning a language takes a long time and you need to be patient .
Moreover , language courses can be expensive . In my opinion , the best thing that you can do is move to another country . It would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages , not just your mother tongue .
It could be nice and give you more opportunities to do whatever you want . And do n't lose heart , at the beginning it could be difficult but , bit by bit , you will see your progress .
Each nation has their own historical place . Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand about the past .
We can mention many places , such as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , the Temple of Literature ...
The Temple of Literature was built in 1070 , in the Ly dynasty .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of the Temple of Literature , which consists of six parts .
One remarkable feature of the Temple of Literature is that the people who passed 4 rounds of examinations then gained position titles would have their names engraved on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
It contains not only the history but also the culture and customs , and it is the first official institute which you should not miss .
I do a lot of sports , for example , cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have been doing this sport with my grandfather since 1995 .
You can do different sports in the pool , for example , swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
Also , you should have a cold shower after and before you swim . This is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water in the pool and if you get into the pool very quickly you could have a problem with your body temperature .
Fuji is the most wonderful place in Japan . Because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular place and it offers several exciting activities .
Fuji is very beautiful , so it has been the subject of countless works of art , such as the ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Fuji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokusai .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise , as there was nobody standing .
There must have been a naughty child ' , I thought , without worrying .
Later in the week , I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason and I felt the same hot wind in my face and smelled the same funny smell .
At that time , I was unemployed , so I was n't able to move house and as I was n't afraid of it I had to put up with those strange events .
So , I decided not to pay any attention to it and to carry on with my normal life .
Now I have to admit that I have a problem . I am sharing my home with a ghost or two , but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
My parents have both been working since I was 12 , so I had to take care of my little sister , who is four years younger than me .
For this reason , I have been doing three courses during this year .
I am available all summer , so I could start to work whenever you need me to .
This month , on the 9th , I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest , I 'm not in the mood for studying .
In fact , she will also participate in the exam .
Hopefully , I will pass the exam and will attend the English course for a month .
Afterwards , I will have the right to take part in the international missions to maintain peace under the patronage of the European Union .
In the new buildings , there are usually dustbins for each type of material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
So , almost everybody who lives in Budapest has the chance to use this form of rubbish collection .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories where they use this technique , but in Budapest we do n't usually use many recycled goods these days .
And that is a serious problem , because in the not too distant future , we wo n't be able to handle the garbage - there wo n't be enough space where we can deposit it .
In that area , Budapest is really awful .
Naturally , it mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage in the dustbin , instead of leaving it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
Since yoga entered my life , I am trying to change my common view of many things .
The ecological situation is seriously bad , not only in my city , but in my country in general .
Rubbish recycling is the biggest problem in Kyyiv , in my opinion .
Unfortunately , we do n't separate rubbish .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish , and then , it was a really bright summer morning , I saw that the special yellow bin for paper and glass was emptied into the same lorry with the other rubbish ...
Once again , there 's only one bin for all types of rubbish .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
First of all , I have provided experience working with children in that age range .
When it comes to clothes , there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it out of necessity and the ones who do it for fun .
Lastly , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are shopping ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it , who may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low number of passengers who can travel on a motorbike . Consequently , not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable to own one .
Have you ever been in trouble which type of transport you should take ?
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , especially when we must travel onshore ; then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only on the sea or any sizeable river , the courses of which are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
In that case , this means that my favourite way to travel is by train !
For me , it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffic , there are reductions for students , low risk of accidents , possibility of sleeping , possibility of travelling with a bike or other big luggage .
Most railway lines are quite spruce and , for me , travelling by train is a pleasure !
At first , I was not interested in it , since I did n't have any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball . However , I did n't enjoy those two at all .
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tiring and my strength was extremely weak so that every time we did 800 kilometers , I always ranked in the last three .
Then , he taught me how to play . For example , when hitting , use the strength of the whole arm and do n't just use your elbow , or you will feel tired quickly .
When hitting the ball back successfully , he would say ' ' good , keep going " or " you did it '' .
Hitting the ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , because it not only includes running , but also concentrating .
Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try . Just focus on the ball and hit it back .
In general , the facilities are well maintained but the majority of the users think that the installation should be improved in the basketball and tennis courts and maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
In other words , I can say it is the best club I know .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant , but it can also be costly , because fuel can be very expensive , depending on the current economy .
However , over the past years , people have been travelling mostly by car , which seems to have led to higher levels of air pollution .
The process of this fact becoming real and common in our society began about 100 years ago , and what is really interesting , nearly 95 percent of people in advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
Probably , if you hear about heroic attitudes you will be able to do , without doubt , something magnificent as well .
In this way , I think that it is good to look up to some celebrities who are righteous .
Of course , you can look up to celebrities but you have to be aware of the consequences .
During the whole school year , a great number of exhibitions , concerts and performances are given by pupils themselves and by invited musicians and artists as well .
One of the major reasons for this problem is wars , especially in the Arab countries like Syria , Libya and Yemen .
After a while , the people who are laid off will not have enough money to live and they will become homeless people .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people , despite the fact that today the Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be decided .
The pressure is so great that it could be used as fuel to fly to space .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last year 's champion , famous for his threatening pre - start grin , that we all call the " Shark 's Smile " .
Tanny is a human rocket that 's warming up on a neighboring track lane .
I know that my old man , Navarro , is the one to have sweaty hands now !
Even from here , I can see his anxious look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bench .
That 's strange , but before the start my thoughts are as if an old steam locomotive is going to those depths of memory which are really hard to get to in ordinary life .
Floods , droughts , and famines . All of these have great effects on humans and animals . For instance , the loss of property , the disappearance of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
Firstly , the population should be controlled . If humans continue to increase rapidly , there will be no more room for humans .
But I enjoy myself so much doing this sport , even if it 's just running around .
Running keeps you fit in two ways , as you keep your body and your mind active and healthy .
I think I could be the right person for this job . I 'm really patient and I really love to be with kids , play with them and take care of them . I always have fun with them .
I have 6 younger siblings ; 4 girls and 2 boys , and every time my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc . ,
I always stay home and take care of them . I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them . Sometimes I take them to the sports club I work at . I 'm a swimming teacher and in my free time in the afternoon , I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
Thank you for your time . Have a good day !
Dear Barbara ,
In fact , you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy their whole catalogue .
Regarding your question , I have been playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
He is always on my mind , even though he is not physically present .
Also , if you get enough , you will be able to acquire your own home to see your future family growing inside it .
And the Doctor Who Sci - Fi TV series from the BBC externalized this terror with the Weeping Angels .
These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of the Doctor , like the Daleks , exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe , or the Cybermen , transforming all living things into cyborgs .
Then , it seems that these statues might lose their spirits only when they get our gaze .
The angels move and attack freely only when people blink or turn their eyes away .
Because it seems like if we do that , angels will come out of the TV and attack us !
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , the lonely assassins never shift their positions and postures , even though the protagonists and supporting players blink , look away or turn their backs .
Anna feared that she would have difficulties coping with the expectations .
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keeps all people united , so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well . Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Surprisingly , when you are playing this sport you improve your speed and coordination too , so that could be an interesting reason for taking it up if you are not involved in it .
Personally , what I can say is that playing this sport makes me feel really alive and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it , especially during the World Cup .
Curiously , there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch , because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps you active to keep the level of your game .
I am encouraging those people who do not like doing sport that it is the best way to maintain your health .
As a result , in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) . People may usually emphasize their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first , instead of the public .
The location , whether it has a sufficient quantity of water or not , is the essential consideration .
Rental cost is also a limitation , as it is relatively high in Australia .
It is not only one of the most important monuments in the whole country , but also a beautiful place to visit .
It 's a huge , breath - taking complex of historical buildings and royal gardens .
I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century , many kings and famous Polish people have had their graves .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners come to Poland just to see Cracow city and , among other things , Wawel Castle .
In addition , water pollution is a global problem as well , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers and lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
Moreover , life may not be possible for future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency , avoiding side effects for the planet .
Sitting at any table , you have a wonderful view of the sea .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him . why " Where is my Playstation ? ? " , said Paul , inconsolably , and he ran to the kitchen .
Maybe someone had come into their house and stolen the game console ,
When both of them started to search for clues around the house , they did n't find anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several paw prints and , at that moment , Michael remembered a fact : he had left his dog inside the house , but the puppy had disappeared !
Obviously , he knew their dog Spooky had been into Paul 's bedroom and taken his Playstation .
As they were looking for it in the garden , they saw the console was near a tree .
Suddenly , Spooky turned up and ran away with some keys in his mouth , but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
If they are good quality sheets or partially damaged but still in good condition , they will be packaged and dispatched .
Now that we have a wonderful idea , I thought you would want to hear about it .
We tried to involve as many students as possible , since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am an eager reader . That being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books .
Oh
Lastly , I would like my curtains to be red , given that that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains , because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
He does not conceal anything from me , as I try to understand what he really needs and support him .
My husband is also my best friend , as I do n't have anybody closer than him .
I 'm happy , as I had always dreamt of such a family .
At the same time , it is not impossible to solve the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .
Nowadays , all the car manufacturers have accepted the task of designing a robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issues of safety and availability of taxis 24 hours 7 days a week .
Unfortunately , the main method is to make private cars , if not a luxury , then to make their usage economically less efficient compared to public transportation .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I attended last month , for a week , and the activities in which I was involved during that period of time .
As I told you , I helped at Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
You may think that I met them or I got an autograph , but I must disappoint you .
When we arrived , the manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
It does n't seem like it , but it was hard work , but after the concert the manager praised us for doing a good job .
And guess what was the best thing about it ?
You can imagine that it was amazing . Linkin Park is the best group I know , so I really enjoyed it .
Of course there is a future for it , and more and more every day .
Big cities are crowded with vehicles and , as a result , levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
That is why many cities have closed their centres to private cars and only allow public transport .
Using public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet , and that is a very important task for all of us .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time , which leads to the greenhouse effect and a rise in the average sea level .
For a century , many modes of transport have been invented . Therefore , our lives have become convenient .
With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have arisen . Natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
They can have a better position , work for a foreign company , communicate with foreign companies , etc .
Also , you can take part in travel and work experience which your school can offer .
It is very good that , these days , schools offer you more languages to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
Of course , it can be different in each country .
Another very important benefit of learning a new language is that you can travel . You will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
Thanks to learning another language , you can also have friends from all over the world and you can better understand the culture of a new country .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will always be important for today 's people and the next generation too , and in addition , the need to communicate in another language will increase .
It 'll be a pleasure to report that the tests were passed with flying colors . For that reason I am asking for your help .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of a museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings . It is far from an enjoyable visit when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and not touch it .
But do n't panic . Let 's think rationally .
In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see where our children are and if everything 's OK .
Our fridge will tell us to buy fresh milk if there 's none left .
But maybe they could stop talking to each other , because it 's a waste of time , too .
I hope it will never happen .
As you know , I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .
I 'd like you to take into account the following requirements :
Firstly , my main goal is to improve my speaking and writing skills , as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
As far as accommodation is concerned , I 'd like bed and breakfast included in the price .
If it 's not , please let me know .
In Last summer , my kids and I created a fun morning and afternoon program for our neighbors . We called it " multi - balls multi - fun " .
The kids loved learning new dances and cultures .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in a safe environment is the main component of summer camp that each family is looking for . As a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities , and most important is my ability to intervene in emergency situations .
The service is very fast . I believe the people eat well and fast .
There are many channels on TV , not only entertainment , but also technology , health , environment , weather forecast and news channel , etc .
Moreover , nowadays , many education channels are being developed to help students .
I have also taught English to Spanish pupils , so language will not be a problem .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children love : I am really creative . I can make costumes with not many materials , so they will enjoy dressing up a lot .
I usually do sports like tennis or running , but I am especially interested in having adventures , and I would like to have this one together .
I am glad to have good news from you . It has been a whole year since the last time we talked .
I 'm so happy you have almost finished school and , of course , that you are coming to Colombia .
It would be incredible if you started your trip in Cartagena , which is a Caribbean and tropical city .
Then you can go to Santa Marta , do some water sports , visit Taganga , where you can find the best shrips in the whole area .
I can show you the downtown , some of the most important museums , like " La Casa del oro " or The National Museum .
To take public transport or not , that is the question . Travelling by car is convenient , however , it
Yet , for me , public transport is my
Besides , take the train instead of your car , you may make new friends , possibly , if you chat with others besides the seats .
Because there are nearly 70 billion people in the world , if everyone traveled by car even the half , the pollution would be a burden on the world .
Admittedly , travelling by car has its merits , such as being more convenient to go anywhere we want , and we can enjoy time with family in a car .
For a better life and world , why not take public transport ?
Three consecutive years he had competed in the local race , but at most he had managed get second place .
The old man said to him " my son needs surgery today or he will die " .
Tom told him " I can give you $ 5000 but what can I do for the rest of the amount ?
He thought he should perform a show jumping over several wrecked cars , but it was too risky because he had not had any experience of that kind of show .
Jack said , " I know someone who can do that but how will we organize the show ?
We need advertising and to find a suitable place for the show by 3 pm " .
Tom yelled : " ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paying for the surgery of a sick boy " .
His son was cured and in the recovery room . Tom visited him and they became friends .
Because of the quicker effects , they are more lucrative for the elite than the long - term reforms required by the EU .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become a member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with the public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
People have been changing for ages and , at the same time , they have been building an astonishing history .
They have been thinking about what the world will look like , and with that thought , civilization was created .
Nowadays , we are in the same situation .
There are a lot of places where people are building their houses . Perhaps we will be living under water ?
Many buildings , like skyscrapers suggest we will live in flats which exist above the ground , and that is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with their own source of light which could replace the Sun ?
Despite the fact that the visual aspect is the most important thing to most people , in my opinion , in this case , everything has been said and no new forms can be created .
To summarize , the Home of the Future will bring us not only a new kind of home , but also a new outlook on life .
The book is called " Living Through a Natural Disaster " , written by Eve Recht .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters . For instance , Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia , the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America , etc .
However , it made the situation worse .
Now , she is extremely angry because human beings did something to really hurt her .
Even after the end of the match , assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
First of all , we can define ourselves as " slaves of technology " , because now we all have a telephone that has lots of functions and that turns us away from real life .
This can be seen with teenagers , who seem to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer playing with video games on their own to going to the park .
In my opinion , the obsession with business transforms society into a ring inside which every man is against his friend only for the sake of an excellent career .
In this way , everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
There are also positive aspects . For example , there is progress in the area of medicine or in the use of eco - resources .
Yes , they will , and I hope that we will improve our thoughts and we will have the consciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right to imposing us in the world .
Nowadays , it is possible to listen to various types of music .
For instance , in our country , music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been gaining popularity in all regions of the world since they began .
This process makes people closer to each other , encouraging them to cooperate and become friends .
But to begin with , for a long time Anna was n't popular at school .
One day , she decided to abandon all of these things and get started on something completely different .
And for now , she is one of the most popular models in the world , not only in the school .
In Extremadura , you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfragüe National Park or Tajo - International Natural Park .
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia , which have clean beaches , cold water and good leisure facilities , with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
In the North of Spain , the weather is colder than the rest of the country . For this reason , the water at the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
He took breakfast with his father , who took him to school , as he always did .
That morning , he had math , and after that , he had a science class .
When the time for science class arrived , he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain to them a very interesting thing .
As AC category manager , Nikita demonstrated in - depth knowledge of the AC market , a high level of negotiating skills , and a professional attitude to everything he did .
Due to my background , I believe myself to be the ideal person for the above - mentioned job .
As volunteers , we also helped the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
WHY TENNIS ?
You just have to work your fingers to the bone , but it 's definitely worth it .
Maybe it 's not a vital part of being a well known sportsman , but it 's important when you want to work something off during your career .
The second thing is the quality of the equipment .
There are a lot of bargains and cheap items on the market , which very often catch our eye , but I definitely want to warn you against them !
Do n't be mean , and spend as much money as is needed .
However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior which create a unique and homely atmosphere .
First of all , it 's a man 's sport , simple and at the same time complicated .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love , you should know that you will stay there forever .
If you plan to play this game , you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand the " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
And , of course , you should be a team player .
So , it is what it is .
I 'm a friendly , open - minded and quite easy - going guy who lives in one of the most beautiful cities in Russia - St. Petersburg .
Since I have a full - time job , I could join you at weekends .
I would like to start off with one of the most well - known malls , called " Donauzentrum " .
In the countryside , you can find a recently built mall named " G3 " .
It is not only worthwhile visiting the street by day , but also by night .
As well as the shops , some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
To avoid losing the track , I am going to give a review .
Especially on a rainy afternoon , the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the perfect way to spend your day .
For people who prefer spending their time in the outdoors , I would recommend a visit to the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
I 'm a 17-year - old Italian student . I have a B1/2 level English . I 'm cheerful and hard working .
I think I 'm suitable for any work because I 'm sporty and sociable and , above all , I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out any work you choose to give me .
As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so , that if I have positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
All the buildings here have been built to respect the environment . In fact , every house has photovoltaic panels on the roof .
We all know that the Roman Empire affected Italian culture and history a lot . In fact , if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others .
Many people feel that learning English , especially in ' England ' or in ' the USA ' , is better than learning that in a country that does not have English as its mother tongue .
For instance , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish , so you are not accustomed to the language .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the daily practice which you should have if you are in an English - speaking country and all the people who you get to know from all over the world .
One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad show an improvement in just one or two months .
In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ought to study abroad if they have the opportunity , because apart from your lessons , you can interact with native people and learn common phrases .
Her friends came back to their country , but Anna is still missing .
I believe that it is true , because people are more concerned about their privacy and the time it takes to travel by public transport .
In this essay , these concerns are studied carefully .
On a hot day , a lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body heat .
For example , a lady travels on a bus , and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her , but in her car she can do whatever she wants .
If a person is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must . Hence , he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to get there early .
Hence , public transport takes more time to travel .
In order to boost the use of public transport , the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
Nowadays , all we need is a fully charged smartphone with the Google Map application .
In the past , people could only make a purchase from a store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods online and buy them via a simple click .
Because of this tremendous outcome , I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
Fortunately , the most outstanding scientists will solve the energy crisis and will find ways to create new lands for living , to clean air for breathing , and to purify water and food for supply .
If we have dementia ( a steady degenerative disease of our brains ) , we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of online " Big Cloud " memories .
Also , you can travel to different places and longer distances , whereas while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where there is a connection to the sea .
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans . I definitely think that this year of travelling and exploring will be a great way to grow up and meet new people from different cultures .
Firstly , I strongly recommend you to visit the main capital , which is full of marvellous historical and cultural sites , such as museums , art galleries , monuments and churches .
If , at some point , you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers you a lot of leisure facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
My country 's history inspired me all my life . The important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation especially affects the history of human civilization .
Since my graduation , I have acquired broad experience in translation .
After my graduation ,
In 2000 ,
In spite of that , I did not give up .
First you should visit sights like the churches and cathedrals , then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
It 's quite an architecturally important building , I think , plus there are about a million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
I go to the A 's quite often , about once per month , but I have never been to the Barrel so I ca n't tell you what it is like .
Their novels have a lot in common : first of all , the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heights by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , who are always well described , especially on a psychological level . Furthermore , both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
There is also a lot in contrast . Most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities , while Bronte prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , . In fact , Dickens mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of the lower classes and the bad consequences of industrialisation , In contrast , Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroines do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prudery .
Then we can notice that the narrators of the novels have different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient ; Bronte 's one is part of the story itself and can change , revealing other characters ' perspectives .
Himselves of leader must have discipline , know working on time , and know how to create a group - working consensus , seriously .
Marketing 's job is to deliver content to customers so that they learn more about the company and the products and services , in order to increase their advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager with strong leadership and an excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business .
As we know , every person wants to achieve success in their lives .
For this , they must lead a healthy life .
Outdoor games are made just for this purpose . That is , to make a person healthier .
In ancient times , every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were stronger than children in today 's world .
There are many games that children can play , like cricket , badminton , football etc .
If they want to use it , they should try to focus on getting important information which is beneficial to improving their knowledge .
By playing physical games , they will not only improve their health but they can also gain concentration .
I have all the characteristics which you require and , so , am an ideal person for the job .
I 've taught at many schools , including primary , so I have a good understanding of children .
As I 've also run the marathon three times and play in the local netball team , I am quite energetic , plus , I 'm also hardworking , as I try my best to achieve my ambition .
Also , I 'm a good cook ; at one school I taught at , we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
As a result , I am also organised .
Finally , to conclude my letter , I just want to say : Please choose me !
Also , you can interact for longer with other passengers , especially native Indonesians , just in case you need to find out more about Indonesia as you would like to get a temporary job here .
Here are a few tips for starting a conversation with Indonesians : an Indonesian person will respond to a smile with a smile , so you can start with that . Not all Indonesians speak English , but most students can speak English .
I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
Bali is the most famous Indonesian island for foreign people . Many of them even know Bali but not Indonesia .
The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than on the other islands mentioned above , but other islands are more challenging and natural .
Joining a community of hiking students could be useful , because they will be pleasant free guides for you . This trick is more effective for the budget for your trip .
If , in the past , they just held weddings at home to save money , now they tend to choose restaurants and hotels instead .
Secondly , it is likely that , nowadays , people focus more on appearance , so a luxurious and elegant wedding is an opportunity for them to show off .
At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified , as I was suspended above the ground .
Some days before , we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at the railway station , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we walked for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than they had been before , so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
Only then did we realize we had lost our way . We had not been paying attention to our path . The only thing we could do was to go back .
We immediately turned towards the bushes . We were worried , as we had heard on the radio that a bear might live there .
Another thing is that I would improve my skills in working with children and I would find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
Furthermore , I have a great sense of leadership , as well as the social skills needed , from being a scout for five years .
All in all , I can assure you that I would be a great addition to your team of workers for all the reasons stated above .
I spent last summer in Oxford , UK , studying English at a language school for ESL learners .
When I went to class , there was a group of students who had already studied together for some time .
But when the dinner started , there was nothing to worry about , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
Every time I felt bad about my English , he supported me like no one else .
After two weeks , he returned to France , but we keep in touch even today .
Nowadays , it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport , but it 's not true at all .
The increase in the fuel cost , for example , will surely have a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
Moreover , other costs will act upon the cost of travelling by private vehicle .
Obviously , the quality of public transport has to be improved .
In this way , the customer can feel as comfortable as they felt in their own cars .
Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to doing exercise than they should and , as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense , while public transport is more convenient overall .
What is meant by a restricted sense , is that for adults , who are healthy and able bodied , having access to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .
However , note my emphasis on adult , healthy and able - bodied . For young people , for older people , for people with disabilities , being able to drive brings more costs than benefits .
Furthermore , the monetary costs in the long run are much lower using public transport , both for individuals and for the wider society .
Even when celebrities are having holidays , people ask them to give them an autograph .
Sometimes , famous people look a little bit different than on the stage and their faces without any make - up appear on the Internet .
It is necessary for your health , but what about if you go running in the mornings ?
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes . When you 're stressed it helps you to relax .
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! Maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings , as I said before . Believe me , golf is kinda fun but you do n't exercise as much as you could .
As a result of this , many studies have shown that athletes should be motivated to push themselves beyond the record .
You certainly will learn to fail and win , but the most important thing that you will learn is never give up .
Furthermore , as Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes , but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
Personally , I usually get on with people pretty well and make new friends easily as I am a natural extrovert ( or so I think ) .
Friends do not have to share the same opinion on every topic . However , they should respect and support each other even if they disagree .
Mr Smith was found on the floor with a glass next to him which was completely broken .
All night , the body had lain like this on the floor .
The next day , the waitress knocked once , twice , three times , but no one answered , so she thought that the man might have gone out .
In fact , I discovered that Mr Smith 's nephew wanted all his fortune .
Sometimes , people will do anything for some money .
Nowadays , it 's believed that it 's better to work on your own than to work as a group .
At first , I completely agreed with this , but then when I started to think about it I realized that it 's not like that .
Firstly , I think that if you work as a team , you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation with you can have a better and more complete answer , because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
Secondly , I think that the members of the team give you support , love and companionship .
Moreover , if it is a really nice group , it is more fun to work with them than to work alone .
In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because the team give you love , companionship and you can have a very good time .
It is well known that an image is better than a thousand words , and that may be the reason for the success of television in a recent survey as the most important invention of the last 100 years .
However , this choice may not be the wisest , as there are other inventions more useful than television and with better future applications .
For more than 50 years , it has been the main entertainment channel , displacing others like radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
In its first years , television was also an important channel for culture ( theater plays , classic films , etc . ) .
Unfortunately , in recent years , television has lost this educational focus .
The Internet , on the other hand , has become more and more popular , not only for entertainment , but also for business , and today it is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
The Internet has also replaced television for watching films and TV shows , especially among young people , who prefer to download and watch videos instead of watching to the fixed schedule of TV .
One hour later , our table was on fire .
And the last , but not the least , thing is that there are quite a lot of people who are not able to or just do n't want to drive , so the only solution for them is public transport .
So , my opinion is that public transport does have a future . Travelling by car is convenient but public transport has undeniable benefits for long - lasting life as well .
Occasionally , her older sister would watch her from the hall and poke her index finger at her forehead . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under her breath .
That 's why Mary is constantly surrounded by a bunch of fellas , meanwhile Tom is the only one to follow Alison and have her back .
The film , instead , was shot in central Italy and , surprisingly , the scene on the balcony was n't even filmed in Verona .
However , the water is dirty and it is recommended to clean the pool at least twice a week .
Also , the court is cheap and the changing room is nice and clean .
On the other hand , the opening hours are not long enough and they should be extended .
Apart from the above - mentioned points , there may be so many other ideas which can make a big difference to the club .
Back then , when she had been a little kid , she had dreamed of seeing the entire world .
The woman had smiled at Alice and had given her some words of advice , " Young girl , you will lose something important to you .
However , when she had arrived , there was nothing but a barren desert .
That girl , indeed , was Alice herself in her youth .
The year was 2012 , and I had n't written anything until that day - I had just been translating some stories and , once , even subtitles for a Korean movie from English and Spanish .
It sounded like quite a good challenge for me , so after finishing the lessons , I quickly sat down and started writing .
For the first days I was a little bit nervous , but day by day , I started forgetting about any competition .
But a month ago , my mobile phone started to ring .
When I was in secondary school and my friends were dreaming of being doctors or dentists , I decided that I would be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
Also , I was good at mathematics subjects that related to solid geometry . That is why I decided to study mechanical engineering .
My view is that , nowadays , English is an important language that it is necessary for almost everyone , so I will choose to learn English first .
As a matter of fact , Venice could be a very good candidate for hosting the marathon competition , which will last one day .
Moreover , Venice is one of the most beautiful cultural cities in Italy .
The marathon runners coming before or staying after the competition could take advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great number of attractions .
Public water buses and private water taxis run 24 hours a day , although less frequently at night .
Although the private service is very expensive , it is efficient .
In addition to this , there is a significant lack of evening entertainments in the city , such as theatres , cinemas and night - clubs .
On the other hand , participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias and bars with a good selection of menus offering local food .
In conclusion , I think there will be no obstacles and objections to hosting this sports competition in my town , which , on the other hand , is also a cultural event for many of the participants .
I do n't think so .. .
After the show , I had the chance to meet the band members .
In my family there are five people ; my mom Malak , my dad Claes , my little sister Novalie and my little brother Edvard .
Once every year , I ski with my ski club ( Täby slalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
In the summer holidays , my family and I just spend time on the west coast on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
That is one of our summerhouses . I love to be there because when we are there we swim in the ocean and we fish for crabs and just have a lot of fun .
You can , of course , see the ocean and it is very beautiful .
Now you know what my favourite book is , so you can almost guess what my favorite movie is … Of course , Harry Potter .
I do n't watch only movies , I watch some series to .
For example , Pretty Little Liars and Modern Family .
Pretty Little Liars is a little bit scary , but I like it .
One band I like is One Direction . I think they sing really well .
When they were in Sweden , I was at their concert and after that my voice was almost gone .
But it was really fun to be there , but is what pretty cold , because at Friends Arena the roof was open .
I like beef and my favourite is a fillet of beef with béarnaise sauce . It is a very good combination .
My favourite restaurant is a restaurant called Dahlboms in Åre , because they have the best spaghetti bolognese ever .
Hope you enjoyed your reading . I think this is what you maybe want to know about me !
The moment he reached the light , everything changed .
Suddenly , Micheal opened his eyes and he realized it was just a weird dream .
Generally , bands played really well , but , of course , there were also terrible singers in the competition - but it did n't matter so much .
On the Charity Fun Day , the air was filled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italian and many other world cuisines .
Also , I 'd recommend delicious homemade ice cream .
You 're such a cute little girl .
English was also the key to my passion for technology . The more I understood the language , the more I understood how to use computers and the internet .
Besides being my personal favorite for its culture and language , the United States of America offers big opportunities in this area because of its great universities and educational system .
Although I write and speak English at an advanced proficiency level , this exchange would provide the fluency I need in academic contexts and interpersonal communication . As all of the most relevant papers , research and journals are written in English , I want to achieve this level to make it easier to write and produce good materials for the scientific community , and to communicate better with all cultures .
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals in the field of information technology in both academic institutions and the job market . Travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
I would be happy too , if , by any chance , I could apply to summer jobs or internships as another way of gaining experience .
There are many places to visit , but the most beautiful is Traku castle .
In addition , there are many souvenir sellers , so you could buy something .
Seeing it for the first time , it was impossible to understand the meaning of the column or the pile .
At first sight , those paintings evoke an emotion in the observer , and the name of the piece helps to have a complete knowledge of the masterpiece .
On the other hand , looking at installation art , it is harder to have a clear emotion at first sight without knowing the meaning of it or something about the artist .
In conclusion , I think that all forms of art are made for the same reason ; to communicate something .
In my opinion , the difference between installation art and classical art resides in the feeling that they can inspire in the audience .
Dear Camp Director ,
Kitesurfing - this sport is getting more and more popular , not only in countries such as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , but also in other ones , like Poland or Germany !
Last month , I helped at Adele 's concert at the Royal Albert Hall .
Although I was a cleaner , it was the best thing that has happened to me recently .
Before the concert , I had to sweep up the whole hall .
During the concert , I was responsible for supervision of sort - out in the toilets .
After the concert , I saw Adele , and my friend took a picture of me with her !
Of course , I told her you 're dating Lisa now .
I hope it wo n't be my last job at a concert .
This past year was special for me . I graduated from High School and I took a gap - year .
As I said earlier , I graduated from High School , which was a huge relief .
Thus came the question of what I was going to do next , but I was n't ready to make that decision back then , so with the agreement of my parents , I decided to take a gap - year .
As my departure came closer , I started to ask myself more and more if this was a good idea and if I would have a good time , all those things .
The 6 months I spent there were the best of my life . I was so happy and enjoyed myself every day .
I also got to know myself better and I have reached a decision about what I want to do next year . I am going to study at the university .
I hope that I will enjoy that as much as I enjoyed this past year . It was truly amazing .
We limit the number of houses and the number of people living in those houses , because more people would mean we have to clear vast expanses of land for housing , which would mean a reduction in the number of trees and a deathblow to the natural balance .
We encourage people commuting to nearby places to walk or use a bicycle , depending on the distance and those going to the same areas outside the town to join car pools .
Each year , we encourage school - going children to plant trees to teach them the importance of trees in safeguarding our environment , so that they can grow up to be responsible towards the environment .
I was a paramedic in the first place , but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined it with my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security guard .
With these experiences , I can safely escort people who are knocked out or a bit ill and ca n't stand the concert anymore out of a concert and help them .
Maybe it 's because , in basketball , you have to run a lot and you have to be really fast , and my second favourite sport is running .
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have free time and they should be able to spend it however they want to , without anyone disturbing them .
In the Romantic Age , we can find another important subject based on the concept of nature : the sublime .
It is associated with strong emotions caused by natural spectacles , like hurricanes , waterfalls or starry sky .
The sublime inspired many writers , like W. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the sight of infinite spaces , like the desert , sky or ocean .
Also , Coleridge had a concept of the sublime , but for him it was associated with infinite spaces and the sense of perdition and suspense .
It was my duty to make sure everything was running smoothly , according to the program , and I had to supervise and direct the other assistants if any problems should occur .
I have been volunteering for St John Ambulance for 6 years now and I can say that it is a truly amazing and eye - opening experience .
Instead of that , you should show that you have experience or specific education in the area .
Going to a job interview can be a stressful experience for even the most job seekers , but if you use these tips , the first impression of you will be positive .
I would like to share my feelings about a particular friendship that is highly important to me and , furthermore , evaluate the reasons why it is especially complicated to maintain long - lasting friendships in any situation .
First of all , as far as special friendships are concerned , I must say that I am not a person who makes friends easily . Consequently , I do not have a large circle of friends .
Although it is true that this is not a long - term friendship , I can say that I have found a true friend .
Throughout this friendship , I have been given the support , the affection and the confidence to pursue my dreams .
On the other hand , friendship is a two - way street where you receive and give back the same favors and , naturally , I enjoy doing so .
I value this friendship and it is of great importance to me because it is a balanced , one - of - a - kind relationship .
A reason for this may be the fact that , over the years , people change and grow apart .
For this reason , not all childhood friends grow older as close confidants , simply because they are not the same people as they were before .
As you gradually grow up , your world expands , your personality changes and so do your acquaintances .
However , the natural process of aging is not the only change we undergo , but there are others such as enrolling in school , getting our first job or changing an old one , travelling or moving to another city .
All these situations may impede us staying in touch with old friends , but , on the other hand , can give us the opportunity to make new ones .
To summarize , I would like to say that even though we are incapable of remaining on friendly terms with everyone , we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors that makes us human and we should always embrace it .
On the top floor , there is a multi - cinema complex , offering several of the latest movies .
Some information about what people do with their rubbish and how they try to keep the area clean is described in the following lines .
My name is Emma . I 'm 16 years old and I believe that I would be perfect for this summer job .
My favorite activities would be painting , and making up fun games .
I can cook anything , really . Just give me the ingredients and I 'll make you whatever you want .
As I said before , I 'm really good with little kids . I was a teacher once at a summer school .
However , Narwal Ji has taught me from the basics of Indian singing , to being someone able to sing on stage in front of a large audience .
Overall , the entire night was shown nicely and was entertaining for everyone watching .
We would gladly share our excitement about the Grand Place with your students , so that they can immediately get acquainted with it as a very enjoyable place to go to .
Most of the year I live in Poznań because of my studies at the University , but every summer I go back home to spend some time with my family and friends .
There is only one auditorium , so I was busy just between the shows and sometimes , for family shows , there was a 15 minute break in the middle of the show , for the kids to use the toilet or buy more snacks and drinks .
Thanks for granting our daughter , Cheung Tsz Huan , the first interview held on 27 September 2014 .
Our elder daughter , Tsz Yin , who is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatly enjoys her school life and , at the same time , has achieved good results in the past three years .
She enjoys reading , performing arts , including painting , dancing , music and sports , swimming in particular .
In 1975 , the consumption of fish and chips was ten times higher than the consumption of the other two types of fast food .
In contrast , the consumption of hamburgers and pizzas started at about 10 times for hamburgers and 5 times for pizzas in 1975 , and then rose constantly until it reached approximately 100 times and 85 times , respectively , in 1995 .
The place is very near where I live , and I 've worked in a lot of Cafes before , but unfortunately , I had to leave them for school and college .
Michael Clifford was a lucky man who had everything he could ever want : he was a thirty - year - old English businessman married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he had two sons and a pretty , talented daughter . He owned a successful corporation and had a gorgeous chalet near the sea .
Sometimes it is cheaper to use public transport , such as busses , trains or airplanes , depending on the distance .
Travelling across the Atlantic Ocean , for example , requires an airplane or a ship .
Time was ticking by and he knew that if he did n't do it now , he would be in deep trouble , that his social life would be over .
All of them anxious to get outside and relax for a few hours , suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .
As he got near his destination , the density of students seemed to grow and it was becoming even more difficult for him to advance in that sea of moving bodies .
Besides their past , we can , fortunately , adore their beauty .
For those who enter , it will be an ' unforgettable ' experience .
Take my cat , Luka , for example . I found it on the streets and felt like keeping it with me when I was 12 years old .
Not only financial development , but also the environment are essential to a healthy city .
With concerted efforts , we have made great strides in environmental protection in recent years , as seen in the declining amount of waste and increasing amount of greenery .
The round table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations on the modern stage ' at St Petersburg State University .
On April 29 , 2014 , St. Petersburg state University hosted the round table " Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations on the modern stage " .
During the break , the participants enjoyed traditional Turkish sweets .
Living in a big city , I can cycle to work every day , which I believe is a great way to exercise and reduce my environmental footprint .
However , I believe that it is at home that I contribute most to saving natural resources ; we are , obviously , very careful with turning off the taps when we wash our hands , brush our teeth and so on , and we recycle as much as possible .
For some , this activity is a torture ; for others it is the most pleasurable way of spending free time .
When it comes to parties , it is even more time consuming and irksome than ordinary shopping .
Afterwards , some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home , it causes more tension and destroys your mood !
Also , some people spend huge sums of money on things that are not essential . They are attracted by commercials , advertisements , sales assistant recommendations , so they do not follow their budgets by buying everything , as they are excited by the shopping process itself . It causes regrets and financial problems afterwards .
Although shopping may be entertaining , it is still a time - consuming and tiresome job .
Being busy and spending time looking for clothes , presents , souvenirs , furniture or healthcare products , especially for women , may be a perfect way of spending even all day .
This may be the reason why some go for bread and milk and forget about it after entering a colourful and attractive store .
These big changes influenced poetry a lot and we can see that , for example , in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referring to industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that creates it in a furnace .
The idea of brotherhood is present also in " I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud " by Wordsworth , because he sees nature , daffodils in this case , as a friend to men .
This change makes most people have to work every day , even using their private time , so they need to find out the best way to save their time and boost their energy after work .
To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy it , they even might order fast food by phone because of fast delivery .
Junk food contains a lot of unhealthy chemicals and a high percentage of fat and cholesterol , which are the biggest factors leading customers to obesity and cancers .
According to scientists , people who usually eat a lot of junk food will have more than 50% risk of becoming obese and even dying soon .
Finally , there is the loss of traditional meals .
I am really hardworking and love kids . I used to babysit for my neighbour 's kids , so looking after kids will be easy for me .
Working in the kitchen does not seem so bad either , because I know that everything depends on our attitude and if I have a positive attitude . I 'll have a good time no matter if I 'm doing a fun activity or cleaning dishes .
I hope you think I 'm the right person for this . I think this would be a great experience for me as well as for the kids .
People and Change
I feel that this can be attributed , in the first instance , to the changing nature of modern societies .
Even though the boat was ready to go , Jessica was afraid of it breaking into pieces again . She could almost foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
She tied the boat with long and very strong fabric made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane . She also used nails to attach some new and more resistant wood to the boat .
She was ready to leave , but something inside her was telling her to stay . The boat was very strong , but not enough to travel for days and maybe weeks across the ocean . She was afraid .
Meanwhile , Jacob was completely in love with that girl he met weeks before . Her name was Scarlett . She said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that would change gravity to low levels and for a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive . But as her dad continued with the experiment , his boss got so mad he kicked them out of the city onto that mysterious island .
Jacob asked her again if she wanted to go with him to a better place , but she still refused , until she accepted with only one condition : if all her family could go with them .
Jacob asked Jessica if they could leave the island with Scarlett 's family . She was not happy about it , but she said yes .
Some Pro - choice groups and individuals believe that a person has the right of choice . This includes the right to decide if they want to give birth or not .
Even though in some circumstances , such as life - threatening and sexual - abuse pregnancies , it could be the best thing to do .
The presence of a mother is important in a child 's life , especially in the first few months .
The child will have difficulties building and sustaining relationships during adult life .
Because of this risk , abortion can be considered an option .
Conception as a result of sexual abuse is not uncommon and , in these cases , abortion should be a choice .
Even though , not all victims will choose to have an abortion , it has to be given as an option .
Even if abortion has to be given as a choice in special cases , it is not a solution to accidental pregnancies .
Also , in Master 's degree final project II , Dr Montés helped us to accomplish the master 's degree thesis with excellence .
In my work as a research assistant for Dr. Montés , I experienced great learning in many fields , not only in Public Health topics , but also in research methodology , public speaking , and writing .
I witnessed and learned from his ability to work with other faculties , such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School of Law .
Moreover , we developed projects with multidisciplinary teams for the following institutions : the Colombian Ministry of Health , and the World Bank , with excellent results .
As a matter of fact , students are often seen as empty pitchers ready to be filled by as much information as they can contain .
Secondly , in his letter , the professor suggests that schools should spend more money on computer equipment .
Also , in my opinion , young people should not use computers for too much time , because this could be dangerous for their health , causing sight problems or headaches .
Taking everything into account , in my opinion , every student should have a good encyclopaedia at home because it is much better for their education .
There are a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents , as they have to work so hard to make ends meet and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us - my brother and me - a good life today and tomorrow .
As a writer - to - be , I admire her work creating a fantastic world of magic and epic as well as dark characters who are recognizable all around the globe .
Sometimes , our kids invite friends and today my son came with his girlfriend .
After all the courses that I 've done , I am wise and do n't talk a lot .
Next to me , everybody feels calm and confident . I 've learned a lot in the last 15 years .
Every word I say , I say for a reason .
I was excited to get back into the classroom . I would mainly teach online that day , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
The group 's native language is Amharit ; they have all had to learn Hebrew , so English is a third or , for some of them , a fourth language .
How are you ? I 'm taking a year off and staying in London for six months , so I hope you can help me if it is n't too much to ask .
I 'd like to find a part - time job but , first of all , I have to find an apartment to live in , so I was wondering if you could look for a small apartment where I can live . It would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
I 'm looking for a well - paid job , because I know that houses are expensive in the city centre .
I 'm looking forward to being there . I also need to take a rest and that 's the reason why I want to find a part - time and not a full - time job .
However , today , it is used in more fields , such as medical treatment , elderly - nursing and archaeological studies , as well as education .
The University of Southern Denmark conducted an experiment which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do at language tests .
With the help of robotics , like I - BLOCKS , students and teachers might spend less time on studying , and some sophisticated processes are simplified as well .
Nevertheless , robotics is not that satisfying because it is complicated to operate , which is always the reason why operators are distracted .
Today , more people , not only in the field of education , but also in different fields , have made use of robotics as tools to deepen their exploration and studies .
Some places have scenic beauty in abundance , while many are famous for their architectural wonders .
In addition , every person has different tastes , choices and preferences .
I have visited many historical and tourist places in many countries , like Belgium , Great Britain , Spain and others .
Nowhere expresses Moscow , Russia 's vast and ancient capital , like Red Square .
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on its four sides stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Department Store ) , the State Historical Museum and the Cathedral of the Protection of Most Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) ; centres of government , commerce , history and religion .
All these and many more , like its cultural places , famous streets connected to the square and gorgeous as well as old buildings make it the " spirit of Moscow " .
Fate may play a role , but you still have to try and bring out the best in yourself .
Although it might look difficult at the beginning , with time , you will come to realise how tennis will positively impact on your personal well - being .
Anyway , great to hear that you got the job you really wanted and that you are enjoying it quite a lot .
I 'm available whenever you are , so it 's an affable idea to meet up and hang out .
We could go shopping in the city centre . They have some very cool stores that we both will be able to enjoy , even a Primark and I haven't seen any shops anywhere else yet .
Or else there are some pubs we could visit . Most of the time I quite enjoy going to a pub on the weekends myself , but it 's all up to you .
It was very considerate of you to send condolences , so please , have my thanks .
Also , the staff there was very nice and they wanted me to stay , but I needed more money , so unfortunately , I could n't .
Tell me more about the people you work with and how you feel there .
It was a cold night in November . I was exploring a lost temple with my friend Michael . We had been looking for that temple since our teen years : the temple of the silent cartographer .
The legend says that all the maps of the world are hidden in the temple , protected by a guardian called Soneka the dreamer . He is an ancient warrior and his objective is to kill everyone who tries to steal the maps of the cartographer .
At the entrance of the temple were two statues . The first was white and the second red . The statues were carrying a sword made of gold and diamonds . Those swords were used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer . Once we passed the sculptures , our objective was to kill the beast and grab the map of the golden city .
Then we heard a loud noise coming from inside the temple . It was Soneka . His appearance was glorious ; a big warrior wearing golden armor and carrying a big sword , his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the speed of sound . Our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer , but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer . Michael decided to stay outside the vault . I ran into the cartographer 's temple and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think that , as Robert once recommended , we should discuss the whole spectrum of our cooperation , not just the seminars , define the feasible components , and have a WJC - WO MOU on such subject signed .
And because history has a way of repeating itself , I truly believe that the olden days of using public transport are making a comeback .
On the one hand , owning a car means independence , so that , we can travel anywhere we want , whenever we want , without being tied down to a set timetable and , furthermore , it is certainly more comfortable than public transport .
People do not earn as much money as they used to . In fact , they earn a lot less .
Therefore , even though a car is more convenient and more comfortable than any form of public transport , it is also less economical than the latter , which leaves people with no other choice than to use public transport .
Well , that 's all for now . I hope to hear from you soon .
With our analysis done , this final part is where the results of our work is written and we can tell the difference between these songs and what we thought at the beginning .
These songs are relatively modern , but if we take a look , we will find some sexism in some parts .
Anastasia 's song tells a story of a victim . Meanwhile , the others talk about women that feel guilty because they have hurt men .
In our research , the cognition verbs have been the most common in the group of mental ones , followed by the affection ones , which is quite normal when describing a love relationship .
These cases are always regarding good actions or showing the good characteristics of the man .

This means he still loves her , but at the same time , he 's still hurt .
This activity will not demand huge amounts of money to be done and , with an insignificant investment , would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
To start running , this community will need a few things .
With this in mind , money would be spent on constructing a running track where no - one would have to worry about traffic or obstacles in their way .
There are almost no contraindications to practising this sport , so almost everybody in the town has the opportunity to try it at least once .
This activity not only improves your body and health , but also helps you have positive thoughts , making everyone feel happier .
In my opinion , improving the practice of this sport will be a great investment for our community and will have a great impact on our health and in our everyday lives .
It is argued in the listening passage that untrained volunteers could harm the native frogs , which are endangered .
Actually , I intend to study law but , since there is no ' law ' in the subject choices , I chose economics .
From a very young age , children can gain basic computer skills through programs that allow them to learn , draw , paint and play .
However , I think that this type of technology might be doing more harm than good .
It is more likely that adults would use their profile pictures as a way of casually showing themselves , their family , find new clients for their jobs or possibly a recent trip they took .
Comments that are left on their pages mean more to them than words said face to face .
It would be advisable to accommodate classes in the main building , which offers enough space for smaller classes .
Therefore , I strongly recommend guaranteeing internet access , which does not represent a high cost for the academic board .
How would the entire world in general and the mountaineering fraternity , in particular , judge my decision ?
I could be pulled over the snowy cliff by Joe 's fall in my effort to pull him up instead .
Picking myself up slowly after the numbness around my waist and hip had subsided , I knew I had little time to apportion blame to Joe or myself .
Ever since I started learning English , I have found watching TV series quite handy , especially those which are perfectly subtitled , in order to follow the plot properly .
Even the background is cleverly chosen , which enhances the intriguing and dramatic script .
About work , since you are a native speaker of English and you have an idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply to teaching centers that offer jobs for native speakers of English .
As a typical Brazilian , I have a favorite soap opera . It is called Floribella .
The story is about a poor girl called Floribella she is an eccentric seamstress . She has amazing friends and they have a band together .
He is arrogant , but Flor is the only one who can calm him down in difficult situations .
She falls in love with him , but unfortunately , he is engaged and his fiancée is an awful person who always tries to humiliate Flor .
I 'm afraid to say that this soap opera does n't have a happy ending and I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it , because it 's a beautiful love story and the characters are really amusing and the story is funny and lovely .
Some of my most satisfying experiences as a teacher have come from helping struggling students to grasp difficult concepts through a combination of individual sessions , class activities , and group discussion .
Not so long ago , I watched film called " 47 Ronin " .
Appearing from another world , he will rise up against the darkness to protect his forbidden love .
There are people who have never ridden a bicycle , and people who have never been on an airplane , but it would be hard to find a person who has never been in a car .
The newest Japanese restaurant in town - Ohana restaurant - is the place to be on a Friday night .
The staff 's clothes are beautifully coloured and , believe it or not , all of them are Japanese and can speak English fluently .
For example , every day it seems that an extremely tight deadline is always chasing after me and making me breathless .
Take my yoga class , for example .
Lastly , some people may think that co - workers naturally melt into our social life , since we spend so much time in the workplace .
However , most of the time , people maintain a good relationship with their co - workers in order to accomplish their common task harmoniously .
For example , we talk about something trivial , such as gripes and gossip , with our colleagues .
In other words , even though I can get temporary happiness from accomplishing a work task or gaining a compliment from my co - workers , personally , I think I obtain more permanent enjoyment and satisfaction from engaging and interacting with the people that I love .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise ... There was a large box standing in front of the door , addressed to me , and I had never received packages before !
For others , it is overall a pleasant experience they can not enjoy as much as they would like .
Sometimes women go to the store just to look at the new stuff , to look around , and questions asked by salespeople make us angry .
It is said that the man who goes shopping for more than one hour is angry and tired .
Sometimes it is also a problem for women who want to go shopping with their partner .
First of all , I would like to begin by giving some information about the city where the place that you will be visiting is located .
The city of Istanbul is one of the famous and crowded cities of Turkey , which constitutes the country 's economic , cultural , and historical heart .
Actually , I was asked to recommend only one place , but the Historical Peninsula is an area where those historical distincts got together .
The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time and , as a result , I was late for my departure for Chicago .
Secondly , the experience one gets from a multicultural medium is very valuable and makes one more mature ,
Primarily , because being a developer is my dream job and , secondly , because developers make a lot of money .
First of all , from a cost perspective , public transport is much cheaper compared to a car , especially when a cost - reduction concept like ' car pooling ' is not followed .
The financial benefit that public transport gives to the common man is second to none , especially in common situations like long - distance commutes for daily work .
From an environmental perspective , the use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented , helping to preserve the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi , where the carbon emissions are very high .
During the past five years , I have been organizing various events not just in England , but also in the United States and Portugal .
However , I have also previously worked with older people .
As a matter of fact , when you get to know me better , I am very helpful .
Not only the background colour , but we also need to choose the artwork .
Maybe there will be some partially damaged sheets , so the bank notes will be separated into good and bad .
So do n't look down on the bank notes in your hand now ; they are precious .
He did n't find anyone , so he grabbed Louis and tried to calm them down .
Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened , but Louis was really angry , so Lucas decided to go home .
Peter got up and told the police what really happened . Louis tried to apologise , but it was too late .
Louis had to pay for the window and also clean the school 's canteen for two months , but he realized that what he did was wrong , so he apologised to Lucas .
Angie and the store detective ran after " the false disabled man " but he was younger and , obviously , he ran faster .
The unusual scenario and the great actor , Hugh Laurie , made the result really innovative for a TV series .
Due to an unsuccessful operation he had on his leg , he is addicted to painkillers which he makes several attempts to detox from motivated by his only friend Dr. Wilson , but he never really wants to , so he gets addicted again .
His revolutionary behaviour and the fact that he let nobody restrain him are the reasons for the series ' huge success .
Also , the medical cases are intriguing and , although someone with no medical knowledge may not understand much , the struggle to save a person 's life captures everyone 's interest .
The innovative aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal actions , for example breaking into a patient 's house to investigate environmental factors which may have caused the particular disease , and he is hardly ever punished for it .
I believe such popularity is well deserved , as apart from its scenario , it was , on the whole , qualitative .
My only objection is that it sometimes went too far , which made the audience dislike Dr. House .
So , TV , which could be an invaluable source of information and entertainment , actually is becoming a big issue for the development of our society and younger generations in particular .
It not only helps reduce pollution , but also allows users to save money in a world where the cost of gasoline is exponentially increasing .
Only by doing so will we help to keep our atmosphere free of CO2 emissions and all the grim consequences they have .
I think I can be very helpful to your camp , helping you take care of the kids and also helping you in the kitchen , because I really love to cook .
When I was younger , I went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have , so it would be really great to know I would make some kids feel the same way .
We often hear that no obstacle is ever insurmountable . However , is it true ?
In such a way , they can remain alert no matter what will happen .
Our state would have a large sum of money , which is an invaluable resource .
On the other hand , the pensioners will be sure of their futures .
However , step by step , we will work our way up .
So , I think the statement should be like this : " There is no future for travelling by car , because public transport is so much more convenient and cheaper " .
I 'm not a huge fan of sports in general , but I do take pleasure in engaging in smaller - scale basketball matches , most of which would probably fall into the so - called ' street ' category , or streetball to be more specific .
For instance , in Chile , the programme Elige Vivir Sano tries to improve the eating habits of young people in educational institutions , where fun activities are promoted to students while integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
Public transport has been improved to such an extent that , nowadays , it is probably competing with private transport .
Without a doubt , long - distance journeys are best carried out by plane .
If not , they would not make the investment of a car and pay for its maintenance costs and fuel .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase , and so does the price for public transport ; the economic policy of importing countries tends to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
Moreover , considering pollution , private transport seems to be much more difficult to manage , because it is an individual decision .
To sum up , future generations will have to face the challenge of a sustainable world and , certainly , public transport will play an important role .
I found out about this new shop from friends and pictures online , so I decided to go check it out for myself .
The patio is probably a bit narrow to place tables outside , but people can go out and enjoy the view when the weather is cooler .
I started chatting with the chef , who told me that he wanted to start a dessert lounge for people to relax and enjoy desserts .
He felt that a lot of places out there tend to make the experience too rushed , where you have to queue up for an hour and finish eating in 20 minutes before they kick you out .
There are currently 9 desserts offered on the menu with prices ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 , while there is also the famous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decide what to get at first because they all sounded so interesting , so I asked the chef for recommendations .
He recommended the Bamboo Charcoal as the theme is chocolate , which was perfect for me !
The test tube contained watermelon juice with sea salt , which was very refreshing to drink in the summer heat .
I did n't know what charcoal ice cream would taste like , but it was actually chocolate mixed with a bit of charcoal .
The chocolate flavor was rich but not too sweet , while the raspberry sorbet was delightfully tart and tangy .
The dessert also came with a choice of coffee or tea , so I opted for the Lime Flower & Lavender Tea on their recommendation as well .
The smell of the lavender was wondrous , while the flavor was almost mint - like and refreshing to drink .
Verdict - I was very impressed with the desserts at ATUM Desserant , as they were delightful for both the eyes and the mouth !
The price was n't cheap for dessert , but if you take into account the entire experience and compare it to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
They also told me that they plan on introducing a new tea set menu during the day , so stay tuned !
Imagine looking at Shakespeare in his English class , Einstein in his first science class , and Picasso picking up his paintbrush for the very first time .
I have never seen such scenery like that in my country , since the climate in South China is humid and hot .
The one who is in the back position will try their hard to block the opponent teammates from scoring , while those who play in the attacking position will make up their strategy in order to score .
My advice to those who are starting this sport is to practise a lot , as football needs continuous practice to master the game and be the king of the field .
From my point of view , it should rather be seen as a license to learn .
Consequently , I see a pretty massive responsibility for the instructors and dive masters in telling the newcomers about the risks of their sport .
To my great astonishment , I witnessed a completely different pattern of behaviour time and again .
Acquiring a language and culture is a long - term process which includes learning , practicing , making mistakes and correcting .
Everyone is equal , so everyone deserves the same .
Because of their fame , they also give employment to other people , like paparazzi and journalists .
We live in times where people are very curious about other people 's lives , so the above - mentioned occupations are necessary ,
Would we , not - famous people , want that kind of interest ?
So , let politicians , film stars , singers and others be .
Besides being in charge of organizing his younger sister 's surprise birthday party , he had also been put in charge of the entire Information Technology department of the company he worked for .
The truth was he had been expecting a promotion in the near future , just not in this precise week .
The only problem was that it seemed nothing was going to work in his favour . The servers had crashed and he was the one who had to fix them .
As soon as one problem in the company was solved , another one , just as infuriating , would come up with the party planning .
He was exhausted , so he decided to go home , let his mother deal with the party , and any problems would be taken care of by his co - workers .
It was risky , he knew it , but he had no energy left in him .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents about purifying water , such as through boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greece .
The main precautionary measure was purely judging the turbidity of the water , and this false practice has remained ever since , even nowadays .
Unlike the past , where people had little knowledge about sanitation and hygiene , with better scientific understanding and public education , people learn to think and evaluate the quality of the water that they are drinking and using every day .
Sitting at any table , you can watch the chefs preparing the fresh food .
And , as I know that my classmates prefer light and healthy food , I highly recommend going to the " Chachas " restaurant .
Examining teens ' identity construction on social media , he states that profile is where teens " express salient aspects of their identity for others to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " , that is updating about life and sharing experiences from the " first person " point of view and ( 3 ) " visual representation " , that is " visual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
The children were playing outside , old and new couples were enjoying their love , and everything seemed to be completely bright .
Her voice was weak and feeble as she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know , and then I thought ... we always talked about going to India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go to India with me ? "
But suddenly , he thought he was really angry with her .
" I 'm sorry , but I do n't want to hear from you anymore " he said , and then stood up and , without looking at her , walked out of the bar .
As you know , I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have hands - on experience of organising a cultural festival and particularly a musical concert .
During my staying there , I was responsible for taking care of the musicians and contacting the media .
It is well known that gossip magazines are bought by lots of people who are interested in what these people do , the kind of clothes they wear , or even the tattoos they have .
That day was the day , Elena 's birthday , and Ken was n't sure how to give that massive present when , suddenly , he had an excellent idea .
That morning , Michael woke up full of energy and feeling very optimistic about his first day in his new job .
When he arrived , the receptionist told him to go to his boss 's office .
After the meeting and when he was leaving , he turned back and said : "
A must for all tourists , even if they do n't want to buy anything , is the oldest shopping centre in the country .
Other modern malls are located in the suburbs , but do n't worry , our city has an excellent public transport service to get there .
It is celebrated on mother 's day , in May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre full of flowers , where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
These are some ideas to enjoy shopping while you are visiting our city , but there are many more to discover !
Your car will always go to the right place - no transport changes , no awkward routes .
But , will it always be the best choice ?
When you want to travel the world or just go to visit your parents who are two thousand miles from you , it would be better to take a bus or a train .
So , in that case , it 's better to leave your car at home .
Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to dealing with the day - to - day tasks , we very often find travelling in our own car is the easiest way .
At the end of the day , we decide to use our car , as , the way we live today , combining work , family and hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seems to be our best option .
Indeed , people can get bored while sailing , if they just sit and do n't interact with the rest of the crew ,
Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on . For me , a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also the kinds of people s / he might possibly have to deal with .
So , the most important piece of advice I would give to everyone is : try ,
Maybe you will not get addicted to it as much as I am , but I 'm sure you will have a great time , and , in the worst case , you will have the chance to meet wonderful people .
First of all , public transport is far more convenient for people in big cities .
Nowadays , environmental pollution is also important . That 's why public transport should be promoted as an environmentally friendly means of transport .
A car is not always much more convenient . For example , in a big city it is far more convenient to use the underground than a car during the rush hour .
When we use public transport , we can read a newspaper or book and when we drive a car it 's impossible .
In my opinion , nowadays , driving a car is very stressful because of traffic density .
Of course , public transport is not always more convenient .
Also , going on holidays by car can be very convenient .
There are many pros and cons , but for sure , we ca n't say that there is no future for public transport .
During our stay , we require the following : twin - bedded rooms , in the same hotel , breakfast and , on occasion , evening meal .
Furthermore , I would like to ask you if there are any individuals who would be able to look after groups like us ?
Also , it would be great if you could inform me of some special discounts , such as cheaper air travel .
Although it had been a tiring day , she was very proud of that little sheet of paper .
No one could have imagined that she was such a brilliant person and when she gave the article to the boss , the latter was quite astonished .
She used to live in a flat , so she had never discovered how different and beautiful the world was .
That evening , she met with a local guide . She was invited to taste the local food and to dance with the traditional clothes of that friendly civilization .
The following day , she went back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they were very curious about Alison 's weird trip .
All over the world , people of different ages are very fond of sport and games .
There are a lot of kinds of sports , such as swimming , wrestling , cycling , boxing , football , hockey , track and field athletics and so on .
If you go to Europe , you can see a lot of people who go in for jogging .
Speaking about sport , I ca n't help talking about football , because this is very spectacular kind of sport .
Perhaps they find ordinary sports too boring and unexciting .
There are different types of extreme sports . For example , rock climbing , rafting , scuba diving , surfing , snowboarding , parachuting , hang - gliding , bungee jumping etc .
Doing such sports , people learn how to overcome difficult situations and how to survive in an emergency .
In skysurfing , you jump out of an airplane and use a board to " surf " the air , doing gymnastics in mid - air !
For example , snowboarding , which has all the excitement of surfing but on snow , is more dangerous even than skiing .
If you want to feel fit , you 'd better go in for one kind of sport or another .
To tell the truth , I do n't do sports regularly and it is not an essential part of my daily life .
In summer , I go swimming as there is a beautiful pond with pure water where my Granny lives .
In winter , I go in for skating .
If I have free time , I go to the nearest skating - rink with my friends and we have a lot of fun , skating together .
Also , there is no actor better for the role of agent than Mark Ruffalo .
But , let 's face it , doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singing a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
Even though it is a large campsite , it feels small and cosy .
Joey is ... well , he 's Joey : not so clever , a great one for the girls , and -the most important- Chandler 's best friend .
When I think about donating money , I see sick children and adults with rare diseases , and small groups of scientists and doctors doing their best to help them , but who do n't have enough money for research . I choose them because I know that they are the last people who get help - because how would people help them if they do n't know about them ?
To sum up , I believe more people should start donating to the less well - known charity organisations ; to the ones who need more help .
Also , this practice is the primary consideration for efficient post - anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
The majority of patients that have had general anaesthetic , like Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post - anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , especially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
The first 24 hours post surgery is considered the most critical period , because the patient can present , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse needs to maintain cardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Due to the surgery , Mr Sharma is in a supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and can also impede the air passage , This is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is being given O2 via Hudson mask 6L / min , because he received general anaesthesia and all of his muscles are relaxed and , at the moment , he does not have control over his reflexes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
All students are different in terms of their cognitive styles , learning levels and achievements , as well as motivation , personality , and pace of learning .
In Ukraine , young people are different too .
Also , I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sights , to feel the culture and speak to nice people !
At the beginning , short and animated movies would be the best , such as the movie " Validation " , which teaches us how words have the power to change our lives .
With my experience and range of skills , I am sure I can contribute to your idea and organise great movie nights .
You will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " and " Corcovado " . I have no words to describe how beautiful they are .
Most of the biggest American companies have been in Brazil for a long time and , as an English native speaker , it will be easier for you to find an internship .
I have many tips to share with you . I 'll be glad to do it in person when you arrive .
As you know , I enjoyed helping at a concert last week .
It was a really exhausting but illuminating experience .
I spent four years doing one of the things I love the most ; dancing .
Some of the selected aspects for this assignment were the characteristics that Holden says he likes in others of his favorite books , since this is one of them .
He does not like that his brother is " prostituting himself " by writing scripts for movies , since he does not like movies .
The chairs were placed in a U shape , which made it difficult for team members to discuss their ideas and to maintain eye contact .
Of course , I originally went there to work : putting the chairs and tables right , ensuring that everyone in my appointed space was well fed , and keeping an eye on the cash counter .
The research done in this field has provided new mechanisms that give the impression of being an alternative to yield the necessary amount of crops for humans . Unfortunately , there is no evidence of GMC 's being completely safe for human consumption .
I would therefore suggest that local products be protected and valorised , to be able to respond to the threat represented by low - price imported ones .
I totally agree with this statement and , to my mind , people should travel a lot , because our world is incredible .
Not everyone can afford to travel by car every day , so they choose public transport .
Cars pollute our air , which leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergies and even cancer .
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( or at least , use public transport ) , because it is environmentally friendly !
The late actor , Louis de Funès , is mentioned as a role model by the chamber of commerce 's guide .
When you get hired by a British employer , it will be because of your experience or achievements as a leader in sports .
In France , the level of education is the main reason for hiring someone .
In 1995 , the French came to notice that their language was n't enough for doing business worldwide .
The native speakers seek each other out ; the British get together with the Americans , and the French , well … they are on their own .
Now that I have been volunteering for a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place where I expect to have fun and meet new people , but I also expect to grow even more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situations . »
When I was nineteen , I started and ran my own business . For me , it was one of the most exciting choices that I made .
Of course , without the full support of my family , I could n't have done it .
But it was n't enough . The fact of the matter was that I did n't realise that being self - employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great deal of patience to the customers , it was so hard !
As a matter of fact , Budapest , the capital city of Hungary , could be a very good competitor for hosting this sporting event .
The government should renovate the buildings , which would be great shelters for homeless people .
In conclusion , it would be a good idea and a viable way is through sponsorship .
At first , I did not understand anything and I had decided that it was a mistake .
Moreover , they feel they have to make the most of their time , to become a university graduate and get a life in what they really love .
Big cities such as Hanoi or New Delhi witness a growth in juvenile delinquency , which mostly stems from rural and underdeveloped areas .
This is particularly common among young people , who are unable to differentiate between fiction and reality .
In the past , people used technology as a tool for making survival an easier endeavor .
Nowadays , we are witnessing a shift in the role technology is playing in our society and may continue to play for generations to come .
At the same time , this raises the concern of whether technology has a good or bad influence on our society . Is the use of technology destroying face - to - face interaction and communication between people ?
Whenever you 're in a coffee shop , standing at a bus stop or taking the tube , you can easily see how people are connected to each other using different sorts of electronic devices .
In our current society , we can see it daily .
Flattery is different . It is easier to recognize .
Nowadays , in some specific cases , people , if they want to get a good position or be promoted , flatter .
When getting these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influence or flattery . And to be honest , I do n't know what I prefer .
To sum up , I would like to invite people who agree with the quotation to rethink their opinion because everything is not what it seems to be .
But there are some lines that are way too dangerous to cross .
If you 're willing to take the chance , the view from the other side is spectacular .
I am really interested in martial arts , such as Aikido , Judo and self - defense , which I have already practiced .
There are some that do not need too much energy and strengths , such as Thai chi , and others that need more , like Karate , Judo , and so .
Every time you use a technique you have to show your respect to your opponent , and also other ranks , regardless of their age .
Some people think there are some disadvantages , like injury , and getting aggressive .
" Encourage learner autonomy - the teacher wo n't always be there to provide answers " . Alternatives to whole class feedback onestopenglish .
This time , in order to further reduce my TTT , I handed over the correction of activities to the students as well .
I hoped that by handing over complete control to the class , this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negotiation techniques .
I had an exact copy of what the students had on their clue cards on a separate piece of paper this time , rather than in the lesson plan itself .
I highlighted anything that required action from me on my copy of the clues , e.g. handing a student the answers to an exercise .
In hindsight , giving this much control to the class and introducing a new and tricky grammar point ( past modals ) was not the best choice .
The next time I do this lesson , I will use a more skills - based lesson with perhaps a listening or a short reading .
If grammar was part of the lesson , it would need to be a point that is being revised .
Despite having timing issues , I feel that , thus far , this was the class with the most natural student participation and the lowest amount of TTT .
I thoroughly enjoyed the lesson and , according to student feedback , so did they .
Inside it , we can find the well known Sistine chapel . I ca n't tell you what it 's like , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't enter .
Whatever happens , I 'm sure you 'll enjoy the city .
Like the majority of you , I have friends who are still around me since many years ago , although we do n't see each other regularly , others have simply slowly become less important and some , luckily , have recently entered my life .
Without any doubt , a good friend is a treasure .
As the saying goes , " A friend in need is a friend indeed " .
If you respect your friends , then they will respect you .
As I said before , every moment in your life is different as your friends probably are too .
At first , we did n't know what it was from , then I realized that the cake had blueberries , and I 'd never eaten one before .
Suddenly , I felt my whole body itching me and mom took me upstairs .
The learning of our mother tongue is a long - term process that everyone has to be involved in .
On the other hand , I have learned French and Spanish just for a few months , because I was curious to learn the official language of the countries where friends and relatives are living .
As a student of these classes , especially , of English , I realized that , although the classes were important , systematic language practice was essential for reaching an advanced level and , moreover , for maintaining it .
At the tender age of 18 and coping with his eccentric social code and all the possible courage , Patrick moves from his mother 's house to a rented flat in Cardiff to pursue his greatest dream ; work in the Anatomy Department at Cardiff University .
Everything started with some attacks here and there , but no one really knew what was happening , so the attacks were tagged as " animal attacks " .
The new group worked very well together , but there was this girl he just could n't stand at all .
" It 's the end of the world , and I have to spend it with you ? " he whispered . The night had already fallen and they did n't want any unwanted visitors .
I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them . I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood . I do n't smoke or drink . I have a good level of spoken English and I 've always been hardworking and energetic .
I 'm also very good at first aid , so if someone is hurt , I 'm very helpful with that too . I can do pretty much anything that you want me to . I love all kids and I love spending time with them , I love playing outside and caring for all the children .
Overall , I just love children .
Now , let 's talk about the good things .
I am rather lazy as a person . I ca n't say I really enjoy sports in general , but I definitely love walking .
Also , if you want to work a in more specific place , such as an electricity company , public office and so on , you can apply to an internship programme .
If you want to know more information about Korea , let me know , and I do n't mind checking your plan to go to Korea .
With over two hundred thousand dollars in his bag , he was a giant walking target .
But , on the other hand , when they travel abroad , it 's easier to take a train or a plane because you arrive faster and you need n't find a place to park your car and , if you want to go somewhere , you can take a taxi or a bus or even the underground .
When I first saw him , I never imagined that I would love that stranger this way .
One of them was the day we went to a concert by our favourite DJ . We had so much fun , we danced , kissed and sang like never before that night .
Wide eyes , red lips , rosy cheeks , broad build and a little stubble on his chin , he looked incredible .
She knows , she knows and she knows it is so wrong to put all happiness , dreams and hopes on someone that may leave anytime , but she could not help it .
Next , we could ask our community for help . I have some books in my library I could donate .
I am writing to express my very strong interest in and motivation to work in one of the largest and most professional companies in the world , such as your company .
You will find me to be a reliable person who has a professional , calm and honest approach to all work - related matters .
Technically minded and with good problem - solving skills , I am able to work effectively in fast - paced and ever - changing environments .
Additionally , I would like also to point out some of my personal qualities and values that I believe are extremely important in this profession , such as very high motivation to learn and educate more in this field , great responsibility and reliability . Furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as having well developed communication skills etc .
Given my related experience and excellent abilities , I would appreciate your consideration for any available or appropriate position according to my education and skills .
" So here we are " he said , looking upward . "
We 'd better do our exam as soon as we can . "
She looked around , making faces at everyone around her .
" You have to do your duty here too , remember ? We made progress back in the other city . "
As usual , they were talking about illegal things .
The other person was n't convinced , however .
They talked for hours . One trying to convince the other . He was doing his best , but in the end , the other man declined .
When he finished talking , he looked at the young couple in front of him .
" What are you doing here , pests ? !
The young couple grinned . " You haven't heard about the mind hackers , right ? "
He gasped and tried to scream , but it was too late to run .
She looked on her laptop , where all the information in that man 's mind was displayed .
" Bingo . We got a code . "
She searched the man , looking for an ID . She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go . He fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
They went up to the receptionist .
It was disturbing , as kids were also included .
She felt somehow nervous . " I know we are doing this to escape this inferno , but ... I have a bad feeling about this . " But it was too late .
They walked in to find a man looking out of the window .
" You two are finally here . I know who you are . "
It was impossible . They deleted every bit of information about themselves .
" Did you think you two were going to make fun of me? ... "He pushed her backwards .
" Welcome to your tombstone , hackers . "
Just as a coin has two sides , television , too , has its pros and cons .
Even today , processors are in almost every device : dishwashers , vacuum cleaners , television sets , even blenders .
It may sound silly , but I think it actually will make those devices more user - friendly and functional .
Even now , we can buy TV sets with an Internet connection , so development of technology is not a problem .
But we have to ask ourselves , why would we connect every device in our house to the World Wide Web ?
Reassuming , while the design of houses may look different , the most significant change will be in technology , which will make our life easier .
Firstly , I would like to say that I have some experience of looking after children because I worked at a local summer camp last summer .
It 's no secret that there has been a decline in the use of transport such as taxis ever since cars became more affordable and your common Joe became capable of keeping one , two or more per family . However , does that really mean that the future of public transport like buses is hopeless ?
The problem with this movie is not the story , because the book is fantastic and when you read it , you really can feel the emotions of the characters .
Other good features are the costumes and the landscapes , which give the movie a very realistic image and carry the spectators to that time .
The majority of people think of sport as a way to relax , to get thin , or to keep fit .
It is in these moments that I give it my all and realize that all the practice I had really paid off .
Generally , the holiday as a whole was good enough , as the most important -in my opinion- aspects , like the quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , were very high .
Spending holidays with a group can be very convenient and , for some people , is the only way of travelling , but the advertisement did not state clearly that it concerned this particular type of holiday , which made me and some others feel deceived .
There are six main characters : Ross , Monica , Rachel , Chandler , Phoebe and Joey .
On the other hand , Joey and Chandler live together .
And Chandler works in an office , but he does n't really like his job .
Phoebe is the funniest of the group . She sings and plays the guitar , but she is not very good at it .
The six friends might not have the same opinions , they might argue , they might get angry with each other , but they always forgive and forget !
In my opinion , young people will love this show .
To sum up , I really recommend you to see it . You 'll love it .
Without a doubt , all parents want their children to be model citizens .
However , raising a child into a model citizen is extremely hard work .
Also , parents are like models to follow for their children , and as children do what they see , they will copy their parents ' actions .
Indeed , school is the first place where a children interacts with society .
On the other hand , parents may have a lack of time to spend with their children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything that their children need , for example , pay for their children 's school .
I have taken part in a volunteer programme , looking after children 6 - 12 during the school term , and therefore , I consider myself as having good knowledge of children 's behaviour , which might be useful for the summer camp .
Looking forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
As time passes by , the relationship has so many ups and downs , but with consistent love and care , it ends with a strong bond that is n't easily broken .
The only reason I want to recommend this movie to you is because I want you to forget about all the action , thrills , money - making or good fighting evil .
The aim of this report is to briefly describe the main strengths and weaknesses of the course " Good design using DTP " , to give an overall view of it .
The course took place at the Training center in Regent Street , London , on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
All the participants , which were ten in total , were given a personal computer for the duration of the entire course , in order to put into practice what was taught .
The tutor , Will Reeves , a lecturer of the University of Cambridge , succeeded in covering the whole program in an extremely effective way .
To begin with , he focused on design considerations with DPT , explaining what software to use , and then he went on to tell us about typography and fonts , layout and balance , as well as graphics and logs .
The highpoint , however , was the final practical exercises , which gave us the opportunity to test our comprehension .
Not only was the venue inconvenient , but it was also dirty .
The general dissatisfaction was perceived by the lecturer too , who pointed it out to the organizers , who immediately started looking for an alternative venue .
In addition , in spite of having paid a lot , the participants were not allowed to take any materials away , and this resulted in obtaining a less effective result , as the participants did n't have any materials to use to revise .
In conclusion , we would definitely recommend it to anybody interested in this subject , for both the quality of the course and the unquestionable preparation of the tutor .
To summarise , large - scale building projects create massive problems which are harmful to humans and animals , but the government can be helpful in solving these problems .
I learned a lot of new words during the presentations which I used in my free writing .
Among them , a private means of transportation suggests that there is no future for public transport .
Having your own car or means of transportation is the dream of every individual , including me .
Whether to go to work or other places , travelling in a private vehicle is hassle free .
Everybody knows about the big problem that our society has with domestic abuse .
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physically but mentally , and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves the children in the hell it causes .
It is very serious and hard to solve , because victims have to be very strong and brave to recognize and face these situations and be able to report their aggressor so as to manage the matter finishes .
First of all , in this film you do n't see a gangster Al Pacino . It 's about a retired army colonel who suffers from loneliness and depression .
So , overall , I strongly recommend it if you like redemption stories , and if you want to learn some pieces of advice for your life .
The first point the professor addresses involves the text 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and , at the same time , will decrease the timeframe for getting the project done .
The professor refutes this point of view by saying that , based on his own experience , this team work could be not so beneficial .
For example , one of the team will have to stay late in order to talk to another group , causing inconvenience .
Smoking appeals to many people of different generations , because it gives fast relief for a short period of time . That is also quite reasonable .
Moreover , tobacco contains a vitamin , called PP1 that is beneficial for your health .
Finally , smoking is a personal choice of freedom for everyone .
So if your habits can be harmful for them , you need to understand the cost of it .
For the same reason , the government needs to control the situation by using a banning strategy if people smoke in certain forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , etc .
Madrid is a huge city which offers a lot of recycling facilities that take care of the environment .
The fact is , natural disasters have changed people 's and animals ' living environment , bringing about a multitude of influences in both direct economic revenue of farmers and indirect effects on enterprise .
Additionally , climate change related to natural disasters also causes famine , which has caused deaths and forced people as well as animals to leave their homes . More seriously , the climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
It is too early , is n't it ?
Yes , it hurts , but at the end of the day , almost everything in this world will make you bleed .
It will make you feel vulnerable , but that is life .
Some people do not think of walking as a sport , they believe that a sport has to be a rough activity , one that leaves you overtired and sweating .
But in my opinion , a sport is any activity that requires a certain amount of physical activity , one that can help you to improve your health .
If you are young , you could walk fast , if you are old or not especially fit , you could start walking at a slow pace and , with time , improve your performance .
I would like to give some advice to people who want to start walking : take your time , do not try to walk ten kilometers the first day . Try short walks first and every day increase the distance .
And if you do that , then , sooner or later , you will become a walking enthusiast .
Everyone in the house was so excited about it , but not Michael .
He used to dream about him coming into his bedroom , laughing out loud , showing off his sharp teeth , threatening him with the most horrible punishments .
All of a sudden , he heard somebody knocking at the front door .
In a flash , his brain sent him a signal and he realized it was only a dream .
He put his hand on the handle and , without thinking too much , he opened the door .
No doubt manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and , consequently , it means that things of this colour will sell well .
That is why the predominant colour in McDonald 's is red . Likewise , in some other cafes and restaurants .
Moreover , for many people , the main factor is the price of a thing and not its colour .
Thus , we can conclude that colour is a powerful tool but , in the same way , manufacturers and retail companies should take into consideration other factors .
We first met at the swings . She smiled and I knew we were going to be friends forever .
I asked her if she wanted a sweet and , timidly , she nodded .
When the break was over , we went hand in hand to our classroom .
Anyway , I wonder whether it would be useful and able to increase our education and help us to be more critical towards life , rather than impose its power on us .
In my opinion , there is a future for public transport .
Firstly , public transport is useful for people that can not afford a car and their work is far away from where they live .
Secondly , public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus , thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the environment .
Lastly , if the use of public transport decreases drastically or stops , many people will be unemployed . They could not earn more money and buy cars for going from one place to another .
That will be a complete disaster , because now we have nuclear weapons and we would destroy the world .
In conclusion , public transport is very important for every person in some way and without it everything would be a disaster .
This is some intimate stuff I 'm sharing with you , my teacher .
My leg was injured and it was as painful as a thorn in the paw , after countless hours of crawling .
But before I knew it , I was asleep .
I continued crawling on all fours while wondering , how much longer , Simon , till we meet again .
I never stopped praying throughout , in the hope that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
Emphatically , I reminded myself that I would n't have survived had it not been for God 's help !
A second thought crossed my mind , telling me that I would miss my family and my best friends !
Dear Madam ,
I have got a family of my own , so I am familiar with looking after children and taking care of them . I enjoy fitness and can easily help organise children 's sport activities .
I wo n't be afraid of any sort of jobs . I am ready for an adventure !
She is a great woman ; hardworking , responsible , kind , friendly , intelligent and an amazing person .
I have fond memories from my childhood . She was always cheering me up when I was in sad or difficult times , even when she was not feeling well .
Due to the interest in protecting animals , people are eager to take part in organizations such as World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) , which is an international non - governmental organization working on issues regarding the conservation , research and restoration of the environment .
This may cause not only the animal 's death by being run over , but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and loses control of the car .
Kateryna was born in 1988 in Siberia , RF , to a family of Ukrainian Tatars .
By this time , she had been spending almost all her free time at the computer .
After taking part in numerous festivals and concerts , she finally entered a joint British - Russian program for training socio - cultural managers in the cultural sphere .
This got me thinking . How do adults influence the behaviour of youngsters ?
Think of celebrities , for example .
So , when admirable adults set good examples for youngsters , they can influence behaviour in a positive way .
1- Most patients believe they have got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or injury in the shoulder joint , but this is a myth , because frozen shoulder can occur after a trauma or even without any trauma , as in elderly people , especially those who have diabetes and those recovering from an operation .
2- If you believe that doing exercises worsens your condition , then that is another myth , because frozen shoulder occurs in people who stop or decrease using their shoulder joint for a long time .
Usually , after major operations , having a stroke or bone fracture .
Cortisone injections are also helpful . These injections can improve everything ; decrease swelling , stiffness and pain .
- Physiotherapy is not only about exercises ; some physiotherapy techniques can decrease your pain and suffering .
Nowadays , young children are well informed about the dynamics and the complexity of the pollution cycle .
A study shows that adults take care of their personal garbage not just because of their education , but because of their eagerness to show their kids that they are great and responsible parents .
Every year , we nominate a person that is responsible for supervising the dustman 's work every single day .
As far as I am concerned , there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you throw litter on the floor , you will have to pay a fine .
There are some kinds of pollution , such as garbage and discarded bottles , but some pollution is invisible , such as noise and dirty air .
However , air pollution affects not only people 's health but also the whole environmental system .
China is a big industrial country , so there are a great number of factories and trucks .
Not only should the government make laws to control the situation , but also we should do our best not to create more pollution .
For example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health .If you use public transportation , walk more or take a bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution , but also improve your health .
While there are many things to appreciate and celebrate about the world in which we live , many pressing environmental problems cry out for our attention .
When it was already 10 pm , suddenly a car appeared in the dark .
At that moment , he seemed like the new Steven Spielberg .
Nowadays , he has turned into another director .
Moreover , in a position as a Medical Writer , I wrote scientific documents for clients in the pharmaceutical industry .
In recent years , there has been a great change in consumption habits .
In my opinion , it is just a matter of time until all the transportation options will be public and private cars will be left behind .
There are some downsides to an advanced world too . For example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of technological progress .
Many parents face a dilemma when choosing the type of education they wish to give their children and one of the first decisions they must take is what type of school they would like their children to attend and whether it should be a single - sex school or a mixed - sex one .
It can not escape our minds that , at this stage and age , children are exposed to sexual images from a very early age and some people would argue that our society is hyper - sexualised , which is a reason why many parents see single - sex schools as a means to protect their offspring from having sexual thoughts before they are ready to understand the complexity of sex and sexual relationships .
While the hyper - sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for many parents , sending their children to a mixed - sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they will grow to adulthood .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it seems to me that choosing a single - sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and , in many cases , reinforce some of the many stereotypes that we , as a society , have regarding gender . Therefore , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but for the child as a key to the future of the country and , to an extent , to the world .
Therefore , and to sum up , It is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mixed - sex schools , which reflect the society we live in , as opposed to single - sex schools , which may reinforce those stereotypes that are undermining society .
All things considered , we might conclude that public transport will eventually disappear and , in no time , everyone will be driving their own clean - energy - driven flying cars to go everywhere .
Currently , I am working as a teacher of English in my city of Dnipropetrovsk .
Nowadays , it is important to be a role model for your pupils - so I try to keep fit and show modern movies about staying healthy .
First of all , I have considerable experience of working with teenagers ( for more than 5 years ) , which I find really enjoyable .
Supporters also claim that it is vital for some countries which are struggling with famine .
Genes could be changed before a baby is born . Thus , inherited illnesses would no longer exist .
In both novels , the writers also dealt with the mistreatment of children in workhouses ( " David Copperfield " ) and Boarding Schools ( " Jane Eyre " ) .
In Dickens ' novels , Realism allows the readers to know how tough London society was in that period .
What he did n't know , or just could n't accept , was he was unwilling to tolerate other people 's views and jokes . That 's why he packed my things and asked me to find another place to stay .
I explained to him it was the chance of my life given that good jobs for women are difficult to find , pay is n't the same as for men , and I felt I did n't receive the status men in my company enjoyed .
I mean it was a joke I made , and I had no real intention of leaving him .
The things some of them wanted : unbelievable ! Luckily , I had some other students helping me find all the curious things for the famous .
This means that the food , being more resistant to pests and agricultural diseases , we can minimise the use of chemical pesticides and fertilizers that can poison the water supply and pollute the environment .
In the second section , both the girls and the boys questioned claimed that they do n't spend their free time going to the theatre or the opera .
Unlike the boys , the female respondents usually do n't feel like going in for sport in their leisure time .
In contrast to the male respondents , the girls questioned go to evening classes in their free time .
Like the male respondents , the girls questioned go to the cinema regularly .
In the third part of the questionnaire , it was found that the male respondents are similar to the girl respondents in that they both enjoy listening to music at home for more than 2 hours a day .
In contrast to the girls questioned , who almost never play computer games , the majority of the male students play games for hours in their leisure time .
According to the findings , it is clear that , nowadays , going to nightclubs and cinemas are more popular than going to theatres and operas or visiting historical places .
There is , therefore , a clear need for young people to prefer active and educational leisure time activities to passive ones .
Of course , you can share your opinions and experiences about your stay wherever and with whoever you wish .
There has never been any intention of hiding the truth , as you said .
We are sorry for the time it took to relocate you . The least we could do was to offer you an upgraded room at Paraiso Mar y Beach .
Given the circumstances , we would like to offer one of the following compensations if you decide to travel with us again in the future :
In my opinion , many people depend on public transport to get to their place of work , university or school .
If you compare the price of petrol with the price of a bus ticket , you can clearly see how much better it is to travel by bus .
I enjoy travelling by bus or train . On your journey you can read or just look through the windows .
But despite all this , there will always be people without a car who need to commute every day , so there is a long future for public transport .
On the one hand , you 'll feel more active and you 'll realise how your memory gets better and better .
To wrap up the article , I 'd strongly recommend that young people learn at least one new foreign language , especially if you 're a student .
Nowadays , famous people , like movie stars , politicians , models and other celebrities suffer from a lack of privacy .
They are also the reason for many problems which arise in the private lives of some celebrities .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour , and celebrities are aware of the fact that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in someone 's private life , when the person does n't want it is basically a synonym for trespassing .
It is very hard to lead a normal life when you have to think all day long , about what you say , what you wear and , above all , what you do .
Being a celebrity means working all the time . You have not a single moment to relax and forget about your work .
In my opinion , everyone deserves to have a private life even if he is a public person .
They think that , due to scandals , they will be able to get fame , live in the lap of luxury and have a lot of money .
For these kinds of people , it is important not to bring out family scenes and problems , as they do n't want to be discussed in public .
I hope you find it useful , as I did last month .
Nowadays , almost everyone in the world has contact with computers and the great majority of them have used the Internet .
The American press had widely covered the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which had been spread across the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall , as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
The tensions in the Soviet Union came to their peak in August 1991 . While Gorbachev was on vacation in the Crimea , a group of right wing military and KGB leaders staged a coup in Moscow .
The American press , summing up the era of Gorbachov , frequently highlighted his attempts to increase the openness of Soviet society .
The article in the New York Post " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 August 1991 , when the legally elected President of the country was removed from power .
Also , it shows the attitude of the soviet people towards the changes in the country . "
This coup had great resonance among American society ; consequently , the US mass - media were eager to know the feelings of US citizens about the situation in the Soviet Union .
The Russian President , Boris Yeltsin , proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union that would minimize the role of Mikhail Gorbachev and reduce the USSR to a loose confederation of nine republics . "
The Communist Party , which has had control for 74 years , is rapidly dissolving " , the Chicago Tribune wrote .
The US mass - media followed the reaction to the crisis inside the Communist party closely . One of the articles in the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " says that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
In the Washington Post , the editorial remarks that the failure of the Moscow coup finally broke the influence of the Communist Party over the power structures and the world outlook of Soviet people .
On the 25th of December 1991 , Gorbachov officially resigned .
As requested , I interviewed a large number of young people , trying to understand their main interests , especially as regards music , TV programmes and clothes .
The people I interviewed are very keen on reality shows like " Big Brother " and similar , but I have to say that many of them are also interested in cooking shows and documentaries .
Establishing English as the new worldwide spoken language might be a good example since English is already spoken by more than 300 million native speakers and , therefore , the third most spoken language in the world , according to Ethnologue .
Moreover , English is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotiate in the business market .
However , the realisation of English as a world language would certainly need an educational basis for everyone , which might not be easy to accomplish , but it would be possible .
While teaching everyone English , it would also be profitable to teach basic knowledge of mathematics , physics or other relevant topics which might be helpful .
Moreover , the standardised educational system would also need people who teach and instruct others , so the world language will be established everywhere .
After all , a couple of professions might become extinct . For example , translators , but , therefore , the organisation and execution of this big project would provide a range of other jobs which could make up for the ones lost .
The educational system would also provide a valuable basis for the world of politics , so conflicts might be prevented due to the lost language barrier with its vulnerability and risks of misunderstandings .
On the one hand , there would be a great loss of cultures and in some cases the implementation of the educational system might be impossible , for instance with the aboriginal people .
Anyway , those tribes would not even need or want an education or a world language because it is their way of life to live in groups together with nature and disturbing these cultural groups would simply be unnecessary .
On the other hand , the suggestion of English as the worldwide spoken language might be up against a lot of criticism , since the United States does not have many supporters everywhere .
Nevertheless , English was just a suggestion and other languages , like Spanish or Chinese , could certainly be used as well .
Yes , they are right in saying so and , in fact , many people are second - hand car owners .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for the scarcity of land . There are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company and , hence , may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees for using the parking lot .
In short , I consider that change is always the best way to develop our personality and to become better people in any aspect of our lives , because it represents a major challenge .
It is true that sometimes it is hard to accept certain changes , but we can always learn something useful from them .
You said that your flight lands at 10.30 am , so it 's better if you go to the train station near the airport .
When you get out of the airport , you have to turn right and walk for ten minutes and then the station is right in front of you . It 's quite simple my friend ! I 've just looked at the timetable and your train arrives at 11.04 am .
In the following essay , I want to discuss the most useful skills which should be taught in school from an early age on .
A few months ago , he had been spending two weeks in Brussels .
During winter , Brussels can be quite cold .
Stress - it makes your life easier , since you avoid driving in the middle of traffic jams
The more I understand it , the more I like it .
What 's more , Seville is bright , colourful and lively , which cheers me up and relaxes me .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends , as in Switzerland each person gets their own dish when eating out and they only go for a " pub crawl " .
I am also keen on wandering off at my own pace and getting lost in the winding narrow cobbled streets , as I feel like an adventurer looking for new treasures .
Some of these are striking secluded places , such as churches or Moorish - styled houses .
This year , in Italy , for the first time in more than 200 years , a weird coincidence happened : the political leader , Silvio Berlusconi , and the singer Ligabue marked their careers on the same day .
Switzerland is a small country , so take your time and spend enough time in each place .
For instance , if you plan to stay more than one week in Zermat in Wallis , think about trying to find a place where you could help in a restaurant or a shop .
Finally , you can choose who will travel with you .
This TV series is mainly based on working - class people and represents various ethnic minority communities , including African and Asian Muslims .
This show is particularly good , as it represents how people from different ethnic backgrounds can engage with each other .
I am very concerned about this proposal for a number of reasons .
To support my argument against this proposal , I would like to explain what happened when the authorities attempted to introduce a ban on smoking in my home town .
I can speak English and , of course , German - and because my grandparents are from Korea , a little Korean , too .
The good thing is : the rest of the time , living with boys is as uncomplicated as it gets .
Also , I have visited the USA many times : I ' ve travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
Besides , I am open - minded , easy - going and friendly .
In a club , you will find professional advice and also as many people as are necessary for a match .
Please find my CV and Letters of Reference attached .
Having graduated from UCLMD in 2016 as an IT - based marketing communication professional with a focus on Business English , I could be a great asset to your company .
During my studies I doubled the conversion rate of a London - based hotel 's website , and improved the effectiveness of their e - mail campaign by 150% .
I did so by clearly outlining principles which proved to work with their target audience and they can keep using as a guide .
You can find a list of these with my achievements in my CV .
I have been following your marketing activities , and I have a number of new , creative ways on my agenda . I could improve your brand image as part of your team .
The regular meetings with my group of students to discuss their questions on econometrics have developed my empathy , which is a crucial skill for being a leader .
At the beginning , it was really difficult for me because I was a little shy with customers and I was n't used to working among noisy machinery and shouting workers , but after a while , I learned to ignore all of that !
Five years have passed and I 'm still working for this company , which has given me a lot , and I 've been learning many things about accounting .
In fact , I am administrative manager and I feel really proud of myself .
Last but not least , I 'm a great fashion expert because I work near the shopping streets !
My name is Aly Meeuws . I am 16 years old . I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future , so this would definitely be a great experience for me , especially for my English and being away from home .
Until next summer , I will still be in school but , hopefully , I will graduate so I can go to college afterwards .
Often , after school , I babysit my parents ' friends ' children and I usually really like it ! I am also a very athletic person , so I would not mind entertaining the children for a longer period of time and also doing some physical exercises .
Besides that , I also really enjoy cooking with my mom at home , so working in the kitchens would not be a problem at all .
Once , I cooked a Christmas dinner for me and my whole family and , surprisingly , everyone enjoyed it , which definitely came as a surprise to me !
There has never been a bigger force for change than technology . It changes absolutely everything about the way we live , even the way we talk with each other .
Finally , it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technology .
On the other hand , on Facebook , people can share pictures , videos and thoughts without restrictions .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not only for socialising but also for academic purposes , for example , to obtain benefits for their studies or to save time by discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA have used Facebook to share a video of a felony with the expectation of identifying the suspects , and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in response to the publication .
We discussed some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with about what society demands of people and I noticed a little sexism in him , but I was fine with that because that can happen . But due to my profession , he could n't be like that for so long , because I was in a man 's shoes .
He was very jealous , but I thought it would fade away with time and with the gaining of trust , but it did not and ended up making me sick as the time passed .
I learned that a man does anything to conquer a woman . He even does a lot of hateful things for him , such as going to her home every night to be together or to hang out , while later you find out that he hates going to places except his house .
But , in my opinion , this should be an excuse to think something that women should n't know anything about .
I also learned that it is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man 's mind , and depending on her , he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help and be an honorable man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
" I am so sorry Madam , excuse me for my blunder .
I am Michael . "
The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she had never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answered him with a big smile " You are excused , my name is Sophie . " It truly was love at first sight .
Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that , with time , became more than just a friendship ; they fell in love with each other .
Michael decided to leave the kingdom , when he was just about to close the door , he turned back to his coffee table and saw the letters , he had a hunch but he ignored it .
People may choose to ignore the advice now but , in the future , they may not have a choice .
It 's a comedy with romantic features and , at the same time , very realistic .
Interestingly , they find the way to help each other and , not surprisingly , in the end they fall in love .
Furthermore , you will increase the course fee by 15% from next month .
I am very sorry , but I can not accept this !
It 's about the story of a little boy that is haunted by a big secret ; he is visited by ghosts .
I found this movie both exciting and emotional . Both thumbs up for me !
As the secretary of the English Language Club , I am writing to propose that our club be given funding for the coming year .
For example , with every film seen , our students have the chance to practice their language and to develop their own opinions , particularly as we always have discussions around a subject related to the film .
Also , our monthly speakers are excellent . For example , last year we invited a well - known actress , Janet Hewitt , to share some of her experience on Broadway .
Especially when it comes to going shopping .
Afterwards , the crowd of people is ramming me when I 'm trying to walk .
At the end , I 'm livid and exhausted .
The way Easter and , specifically , Good Friday are celebrated is gradually deprived of religious content .
People do n't want to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directly to the cheerful part of the Easter celebration , so , to Easter Sunday .
Suffering , as well as death , is pushed away from our real life - we do n't want to experience them , but would rather watch them on different kinds of TV shows .
In a consumer lifestyle , we want more and more for ourselves , but not for other people , because it will require self - sacrifice .
It was a hot summer 's day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , to buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes from the cleaners . Everyone except Peter .
Suddenly , Peter started to run . While he ran , he looked at his watch , over and over again , as if by looking at his watch time would stop .
He stopped at a great big building , knowing that the fastest way to get to the top floor of the building was by taking the elevator , but what if the elevator stopped ?
He decided to take the stairs , and so he did .
Peter smiled for a brief moment as he remembered his obsession with Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity . He thought , " finally I understand it " .
It is clear that most of them use computers and watch television almost every day , but while they are doing this , they are sitting on a comfortable sofa .
It is true that many young people do extra activities related to sports , like football or basketball .
It seems to me that school programmes would make young people be encouraged to keep fit because , in this way , they do their favourite sport in a routine way .
In a couple of years , I became much better and I learned to do many tricks , like skating backwards , the Snake and the Zigzag .
I went to middle school ; I met two friends who also loved to skate ; Mohammed and Khalid .
I realized that this is what I was looking for ; a new additional excitement to add to skating .
Once , on a weekend , it was my last year in middle school , I was at the park practicing as usual .
This weather was an obstacle . It was impossible to skate in these conditions .
Both places are extremely crowded with people on the weekend , so unless you enjoy people watching , early - bird shopping is highly recommended .
Lastly , there are sports dedicated malls , which are Velocity in Novena , Kallang mall and Queensway mall .
I 'm usually not good at talking or any social things .
But at the same time , advertising has many features in common with art .
Like art , it is intended to evoke emotions and feelings .
To be successful , advertising often uses images from popular movies , catchy melodies , unusual graphic elements and fragments of famous paintings .
Often , people who are watching a commercial , do not remember what details or elements of other visual art types they have seen before .
Secondly , art , like advertising , is such a large part of our everyday lives .
Visual advertising like painting , uses color , value , space and line .
Also , it uses balance , contrast , emphasis and proportion .
Lastly , advertising , like art , originated a long time ago .
Now , advertising is a big part of modern culture .
Modern technologies and the development of mass media , have allowed advertising to become the greatest art of the 20th century .
Then you should take a decision about choosing roles : start by asking for volunteers , and always ensure that everyone in the class has a role or something to do .
Some learners will not want a speaking part . You could even ask them to be promoters .
Also , they can see how much language they can produce .
In a world of increasing environmental awareness , improved public transport represents the way of the future .
Although people do enjoy the convenience and privacy of travelling in their own private vehicles , in my opinion , they might choose public transport if it fulfilled certain conditions .
You also need to know some basic rules such as putting out your arm to indicate when you turn and , of course , you need to know the highway code .
During the concert , I was responsible for checking tickets .
" Thank you " , I mumbled , and went straight to the fridge .
My hands were sweating and the other boys were waiting outside , ecstatic .
A second later , a child entered the shop and began to move around quickly .
I thought it was the perfect moment and , at the speed of light , I put a whole box of sweets into my old bag .
I was going to leave , when the bitter and loud voice of the man surprised me .
" I do n't know " , he answered , confused .
" Dear me ! How can you be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively , tapping his feet .
In a few sentences , we can get an idea of what it is .
If you like animals , you 'll enjoy seeing those beautiful horses running and jumping as fast as they can .
If you like to bet and you 're not used to doing it at horse races , maybe you 're looking forward to trying to bet on the nose or each way ?
Meanwhile , you can have a good time drinking some bubbly .
Anyway , if you knew beforehand your odds of winning , it would n't be so thrilling .
And if you want to admire the wonderful world of hats , you 'd better buy some magazine where you 'll find all the photos for just 2 € .
Because two days ago I read an article by Nadine Bös about this topic .
On the one hand , there are hardly any banks in these regions , so they do n't have access to bank services .
But on the other hand , the number of mobile phones has risen .
Through this , many people would have access to mobile banking and , in addition to that , it makes money available so it can be used in shops .
Furthermore , mobile phones allow last - minute - changes very easily .
However , the biggest strength of the mobile phone is also the biggest risk , in my opinion : being connected all the time creates a lot of stress for people , as you are always available for everyone .
Therefore , you do n't have any time to relax , which is essential , even from your leisure commitments .
The same is valid for business life : if employees are available all the time , they take the worries of the daily business with them to their home , which means a lot of stress .
Once he realized that he was the only person awake he knew something was wrong .
The first 2 years , all was perfect until day number 734 .
It was such a hot summer that it was impossible to turn off the ventilator and I was a bored child with a laptop . I had signed in on the social network , Tuenti , and I liked passing all the time chatting .
Louis was convinced that this new project would be an incredible opportunity for him to try new things and study different fields , which he enjoyed . He loved to read about science , inventions , and keep up - to - date with the news .
The company immediately replied telling him that they were sorry that they did n't reply days earlier , but they could n't , since the system crashed and did n't allow them to send electronic mail , just to receive it .
Later that same day , Louis went cave diving in the mainland .
While he was exploring the bottom of the sea , he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it , it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him . That was when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
Although it also needed to be flexible , it needed to be tough .
What happens to the rubbish ?
Although citizens usually obey those rules , in some cases , they are completely neglected .
Finally , if every person drives his / her own car , pollution will considerably increase , affecting air conditions .
When I opened my eyes , I saw a beautiful chair with orange and green stripes .
Suddenly , the chair jerked up and went straight out of the window while I was still sitting on it .
It swerved , beautifully avoiding a tree , and landed on the ground as softly as a butterfly .
Taking a year off might help people who are uncertain about what to do next to make up their minds while trying new things and having new experiences that will be useful later in their lives .
Or maybe , during the year off , somebody could also decide that they do n't want to continue their studies , because they have already found what they want to do or be .
Also , I am able to work with children as I used to be a tutor in a sports summer camp .
I 'm a very extroverted guy , with experience taking care of children , as I 've been working as a skiing trainer for 2 years now . This winter will be the third .
It can be seen in many aspects , ranging from producing a maintenance process , improving performance for a specific part of the mechanical system , to creating the whole new product .
This is because , despite having experience in industrial design , I never took part in the design process from the initial stage .
Response : From all my experience , I have specifically more than 2 years of experience as consolidation controller in a Spanish multinational company and the rest of my experience as auditor , shared between Venezuela and Spain .
Response : I am seeking a salary in the € 40000 range , plus benefits .
In addition , the car is one of the means most used , not only for its speed , but also because the cost of public transport is increasing every year .
We should also consider the fact that , nowadays , life is so busy that we ca n't waste our time taking public transport .
To conclude , it seems to me that it is fine to use cars sometimes , but if the quality of public transport was better , the amount of pollution and accidents would decrease .
As is well known , about 70 per cent of the earth 's surface is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean , like Australia , makes the most of the ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water needs .
Although over - shared water resources could lead to violence and even international tension , few countries have suffered these problems .
You may not have ever thought about it , but you ///would///could///might/// be able to jump from a plane if you wanted .
So , I would say those types of acting are equal in terms of external factors .
And controlling your voice is also important for film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors , that is keeping your vocal expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate the emotions and feelings of their character .
Furthermore , people actively use private transport such as cars , motorbikes , scooters and bicycles .
In my view , the best solution to all problems would be the limiting of private transport in the centre , but not absolute banning .
Secondly , the article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Helps Babies at High Risk of Autism ' is based on video - therapy which improves the interaction between parents and autism - related babies in a way that would help develop the children 's communication abilities and social engagement .
Here we have branded products and no - name products .
Now the question is , whether it is really justified that branded products are much more expensive than no - name products .
Most people associate branded products automatically with higher quality or better taste , while they think no - name products are just cheap and without any quality and poor taste .
In surveys , it was asked if consumers would rather buy branded products or no - name products .
Most of the consumers said they would buy branded products .
After that , the consumers did a blind taste test .
As a result , we can say it is not always justified that branded products are more expensive than other comparable ones .
It is like " Everybody has it . I need it too ! "
In some cases , it may be true that branded products are better than no - names . For example technology products , but products like Red Bull or others like that , are definitely not always better .
In this period it 's mostly sunny and warm , but in the evening it gets a little cold and windy , so bring some jumpers or sweaters ...
In conclusion , people will do what they want smoothly and politely if they wait patiently in queues .
I 'm Sara and I 'm a half Italian , half Spanish , seventeen - year - old girl with a really cheerful , energetic and hardworking personality .
I love children and it would n't be annoying for me to take care of a group of little monsters and organize sports and activities for them . Actually , I think I would really enjoy it and my day would end with a tired smile , but a very bright smile .
English has also been my favorite language since I was a child . I started studying it at the age of three with a really nice teacher named Helen and I have continued improving my English by watching American movies and TV shows during the past few years .
Best regards
First , I started a new job . It did not turn out the way I hoped unfortunately .
While we might talk about our jobs a bit too much , I do n't think it is uncomfortable to work side by side .
I met some roleplayers at Wiscon and also some live roleplayers through Geek Network . Of these , the live roleplay looks promising .
Lastly , I hope next year will bring some stability .
If I move again , I know it will take another year to get to know other people at least .
Suddenly , the doorbell rang , distracting him from his inner struggles , and he heard his Mother opening the door .
These people can be deemed as the best teachers in our life , even if these people , perhaps , are not our parents .
It is difficult to think about Paris without its Eiffel tower ( it was built several years after the revolution ) , but I 'm sure it was a gorgeous city , as it is nowadays .
Thank you very much again for helping me get the tickets for the concert in London , but unfortunately I have bad news for you today .
As you know , I 'm not the best student and I 've already failed this exam twice , so there is only one more chance and I have to take it this semester .
Otherwise , I will be taken off the university register .
To be honest , I got really mad at him because I really wanted to go to London and I also already got tickets for my flight .
You do n't know how embarrassed I feel now , not only because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) , but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
Otherwise , I could sell both tickets and we can have a look and see if we want to go to the same concert here in Germany .
I was placed in the top 10 , with a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
First , upon graduation , I immediately joined a highly recognized firm , performing the double role of legal consultant and sub - manager when I was only 22 years old .
In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Afro - Americans . They had the power and they were in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men were in charge of the crops .
They did not have a chance to receive any kind of education at all . It was absolutely forbidden , and that is why they could not aspire to more important jobs .
Afro - Americans were completely segregated . Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , and that is the main reason why each race had their own church and their houses were separated too .
Moreover , women in the Afro - American society were threatened in the most denigrating ways ; men were the undisputed authority in the house .
It had been a long and rainy day . Tom had been working all day and was very tired and hungry .
Surprised , he thought he had n't seen her for a long time .
First of all , our environment is polluted and if we are determined to save it , we should definitely stop using cars .
Although many countries do not offer a good public transport service , once people get rid of cars , there will be more money for improvements .
It seems like cars are losing the battle in this case , because these cities propagate the idea that riding bicycles can lead to a better future .
About the task that you asked me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't have enough knowledge of LIMS yet .
Of course , if you have any suggestions please tell me .
International suppliers take at least a week to deliver an order .
Michael , however , made a living from his fights . At a young age , Michael was attacked and mugged in the street , so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be attacked again .
If the demolition crew camp in front of my place again tomorrow , I 'll just show them the form ...
" he said , taking a pill . "
But then again , what good is a useless piece of paper ? " he panicked , putting the box on the night stand . He did n't even understand the passing of time !
He was doing well , despite his sad life .
His anxiety caught up with him every now and then , but the good doctor had prescribed him a good remedy !
Suddenly , Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , he called Baxter and took a bat with him upstairs .
Michael closed the door , saw his dog gasping for air , and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Whether you like it or not , right from the beginning , all you do becomes attractive to the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
I mean by this that , for sure , there are some days on which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have to put up with those journalists following them to the door or waiting for them stationed in front of their houses .
Parks in the north - east and south - east have been reduced to make way for larger housing estates , the one in the north dramatically increasing accommodation in Eastminister .
South of the river , an industrial area has been constructed next to the existing railway , while residential streets have been converted into more modern apartment blocks .
With increasing housing has come a bigger hospital and more shopping facilities , the existing shops being built on the site of the old school , with a new school opening on the north bank of the river .
In my opinion , I am very patient and willing to explain difficult topics over and over again .
However , I find it difficult to use activities every lesson because they are time - consuming .
For instance , when I hear that another English teacher finished Unit 5 and I am still at Unit 4 , I feel incompetent .
He made her feel bad , so why would she not do the same ?
Its own end ?
He placed a hook over the door , tied the object to it and , standing on a chair , put the object around his neck .
For example , my parents hug me every day .
My mother makes me breakfast every morning and my brother brings me cookies when I am in a bad mood .
Also , they always support me , no matter what I do or think .
Fossil fuels are our most common energy source , even though they have a terrible effect on global warming on account of releasing gases into the atmosphere .
In addition , they produce nuclear waste , which is a major problem for the environment and public health .
She may be right about that treadmill because there is a cycle in which consumption results from work which necessitates further consumption , but theory would indicate that this is a positive , self - perpetuating cycle , because increased consumption yields increased utility , therefore maximizing utility .
In my view , Ms. Luhr is succumbing to her emotions rather than her logic , because everyone knows that increased work yields increased wealth and increased utility , and this is the ultimate goal of a rational person who is acting selfishly , which is how economists think people act .
This reference is for Tom Black , who is applying for the position of social activities officer at your English Language College .
At that time , he was heading the Public Relations Division and he was in charge of a team of 6 people .
Moreover , he is very well organised ; he is able to manage several difficult tasks at the same time , coordinating resources effectively .
For all the above reasons , I would highly recommend Tom Black for this position . I am sure he is the right person for your college .
Since then , I have undertaken further practical training in advertising and marketing communications at Moscow International Higher Business School ( MIRBIS ) .
Moreover , I love children . That is because I am a kind and friendly person .
In this way , I would have the chance to spend my holidays in your enjoyable country and study at the same time .
In 1967 , Feurer 's career went up like a rocket .
At the same time , he worked for the Pirelli calendar in 1974 he also featured shots that appeared in Elle , Vogue , Numero , etc .
The career of a Somali - American fashion model , Iman , also began after this pioneering shoot .
These images became the subject of Feurer 's eponymous book , lavishly illustrated with 175 photographs , illustrating his five - decade - long career .
Obviously , the weight is the resistance , which will help the individual to gain strength and mass .
Every time I go to the gym , I feel like I have to break my limitations and replace them with the feeling of success .
However , if you are still very stressed , then you should drop one of them . I certainly do n't know which one you should drop . I think I would drop the music lessons , because sports are good for your physical and mental health , and also help you to keep fit and it 's more interesting for me ; but maybe a list with the pros and cons of sports and music lessons can help you .
I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have superpowers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we ca n't save the planet from intergalactic threat , but unlike them , all together , we can save the planet from an even greater threat : its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
Just as we have the courage to cause problems , we have to have the courage to do something to fix them . Let us become that superhero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live in .
They would also enjoy our museums and galleries , which can bring them closer to our history and traditions .
I would recommend implementing all the suggestions listed above because these improvements will increase the number of foreign students , making their accommodation in the town more pleasant .
Isreal 's obedience to commandments was not a matter of submission to the divine will as much as it was a response to love .
La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant that makes pizza and all the Neapolitan specialties , and all the types of fried ? .
The owner , Patrizio , is really nice and you can often find him in the restaurant talking to some guest .
I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two rooms and one of them is always used for big groups of people , like us . The service is really fast and in front of the restaurant there 's a beautiful square where we can have a drink while watching the typical Neapolitan evening .
Obviously , everyone loves pizza , so it 's the perfect place .
Every day , science and industry are developing new materials , technologies and clean energy sources .
When you are on holiday , try to make contact with other English speakers , and who knows ?
This is a very common argument : true genius stands out so much that it can not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized , then he is not a genius .
But this is faulty reasoning : it accepts the idea that a genius is always recognized on the basis that , in history , geniuses have always been recognized - which is not true , or at least , is not demonstrable .
They take for granted that , historically , geniuses have always been recognized , but in reality they are only talking about geniuses that , in fact , have been recognized .
They know nothing of those who have not been recognized and that may have been completely erased from history , and therefore , can not be used as an opposite example .
In the 19th century , for some , such as Cesare Lombroso , genius resembles mental illness .
For Lombroso , exceptional people are independent , away from the banality of life , isolated , impatient , asocial , often considered crazy .
The time at university is the most important time in our lives , because we learn a lot of things and it prepares us for our future career .
In my opinion , classes with discussion are better .
For instance , a year back , I was at North Texas university in the USA . There was a health management and policy class with almost no lectures but with a lot of time for open discussions .
On one day , we spoke about medical treatment costs in different countries and one of my friends , Wole , was from Nigeria .
As a result , we all know what needs to be done so that we can make little changes in the reform to reduce the cost of treatment .
In order to get good grades , we are forced to participate in discussion .
As a result , I overcame my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found it 's not as difficult as I expected .
All in all , though some may oppose my opinion , it is clear that classes with open discussion and almost no lectures are preferable because interaction with other students will broaden your mind and you become a better speaker and thinker .
with reference to your job announcement , I am submitting my application for the vacancy at Green Pepper Cafe .
Being a student of economics in this town ( expecting to graduate next year ) , I am currently searching for a job at weekends .
Your job description sounds to be a good fit for my search , since I am very experienced at serving guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
It 's an excellent idea . Of course we should go . I bet there are lots of things to do so we can have a great time .
Well , all your suggestions sound good to me . However , I would probably choose climbing because not only is it an extreme sport , but it is also an exciting activity I would like to try .
About Saturday evening . Why do n't we just stay at home and watch some One Direction videos ?
First of all , there is no denying that parents may teach their children enormous fundamental life skills on which their progeny count .
In contrast , living in a society is another story : people might blame , compete , or even hurt others , no matter who you are .
Although it 's true that I do n't actually love sports , once I found golf , it totally engaged me !
Also , I remember the sweet perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the streets of the old town and mixing with the smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes and restaurants .
I remember the warmth of twilight , which lures you to the heart of this town .
On the one hand , the old one could be hard - wired into your brain .
It also has another negative effect : you have limited time on this planet .
Why would you waste your time learning a new language , when you probably do not know enough about your own ?
We would like to say thank you for your presence at the event . We are delighted because you chose to promote our educational program . We are pretty sure that your presence helped a lot to promote this program with the new students .
No change ; no life . Nature is life and death , construction and destruction .
No change ; no nature .
To stop the change is impossible . That would be against nature and against ourselves .
But at the same time , we are working against nature - let 's think of pollution and climate change - and against our own human nature : distress , allergies , strokes and heart attacks are more and more frequent nowadays .
But some people can get annoyed by this kind of activity . They may be irritated by loud music in the shopping areas , long queues at the cash desk , and crowds of customers everywhere .
However , now I am working and planning to continue working as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Also , may I have information on which version of the IELTS exam I should take ; the Academic or the General Version ?
Many non - EU citizens live and work in Europe , but for this to be successful they have to be able to integrate into their receiving society .
Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked his colleagues in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood . Incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted into holy blood at the church .
At this press conference , Inocencio assured that next year he will try to prove if pigeons truly represent the Holy Spirit .
Usually my eating habits are similar to most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast between around 7.30 and 8.00 . I eat bread with cheese or jam and I drink a large glass of milk with cereals .
At lunch , many people eat a lot ! I start with a small soup and then I have the main dish and the dessert .
In the afternoon , I eat some cookies .
Tom was getting really anxious , worrying that he would never make it back to his job . At 2 pm , the flight arrived .
First of all , I would like to make it clear that " red " is not related to the colour only . This word also means " beautiful " in Russian .
According to UNESCO , literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieving sustainable development , peace and democracy .
Also , you can be understood by other cultures .
I get along with my siblings very well , but we do not see each other very much .
Not to mention that when I am trying to talk to them , they always space out and then say that they have their own problems .
There is probably an array of reasons to explain such a phenomenon , but for me , that happens for one particular reason ; the shot clock .
A curious fact is that , out of the five most popular sports in the world , only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that 's exactly what sets it apart from the others .
The bottom line is ; a fast - paced game is a much more exciting experience for players and viewers than a slow paced one and that makes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desirable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations , and the combination of the two is the only way to success . So if you want to be a good player , you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and survey the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you .
Most of these , in fact , have very predictable plots , are full of cliches and , since it 's so easy to figure out how they will end , they are usually very boring .
This is why I was very surprised when I came out of the theater after seeing " Looper " and thought , " Hey , I just saw a thriller with Bruce Willis in it , and it was actually a really good one ! "
The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel has been invented but is used only by criminal organizations who send those they want killed into the past , where a professional killer , a looper , is waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
By letting his older self go , Joe changes his past , and therefore his future , leading to a series of unexpected events , and to an even more unexpected ending !
My expectations were not very high , but I have to say the movie was surprisingly good . In fact , it was not boring at all , and had a few big twists which took me completely by surprise .
Time travelling is only a means to the development of the story , and the future society is quite similar to the present one , so even if you are not big science fiction fans , I suggest you give this movie a chance . I am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
In the morning , we 're not used to eating salty food like salami , eggs or cheese .
My first night here , I was invited to a dinner mainly for scientists who are up here doing a radio show .
He does n't think about things that I , a mere mortal , do , like whether or not there is food on my teeth , and death .
To me , he is greater than any rock star squared .
I am an English teacher here in my country , Spain , and I have worked with children aged 5 - 14 for five years now , in different educational centres .
I am also a Spanish Red Cross camp leader , as I enjoy all kinds of sports , such as swimming , sailing , kayaking , rock climbing , etc .
I would be suitable for the job advertised because I am extrovert , easy - going , hardworking , thoughtful , and love children and doing outdoor activities such as camping , fishing and cooking . I also enjoy teaching children new skills and helping them to develop their self - confidence .
I would welcome the chance of being part of your company 's team , since it is a world - renowned firm and I am available to travel and change residence .
Going to the UK has been a dream of mine , but going to Cornwall , however , might be a bit of an escapade during the winter , considering that I 'm only used to the relatively hot Egyptian weather .
There is a place in my country which played a very important role during World War II .
Last month , a monument was erected in their memory so that nobody forgets what happened in that large forest where - as the people would say in that time - German soldiers could not guard the whole wood , unless they stood behind each spruce ....
Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with a low socioeconomic status , or anyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
Cars are a good way of saving time , especially when waiting for public transport , mainly buses .
I also think that there will be fewer people using public transport in the future , but some will still be available , because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a car or travel by plane .
After the assessment and evaluation we will be able to adapt the necessary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to which point the proposed aims have been achieved , and we will be able to judge the programme planning as a whole .
We have just started worrying about that , but the actions we 're taking are far from enough .
But in the near future , most of us will have to deal with it and , therefore , be forced to make dramatic changes in our lives in order to survive .
It 's really good that you 're coming to Uruguay . I would be pleased to help you .
First of all , there are a lot of places to visit here and I would like to take you to Punta del Este , Piriapolis , Cabo Polonio , La paloma and other beautiful places .
You have a lot of hotels to stay at if you want to be there more than a day and the people are really nice . Or if you want , you can stay at my house , of course .
Secondly , you can find a job here in Montevideo or , if you like , in the countryside .
You could work in a public office , for example .
For people who come from other countries like you , there are a lot of internships and I can assure you that you will find a great job . There are also companies that are hiring people to work for a short period of time in their call centers .
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay . You will see some of the most popular places in this beautiful country .
The pupils have been taught English since their very first meeting with the English language in school , so they are completely familiar with using English as a classroom language .
In this class , there are strong wishes for certain areas regarding America that the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn about American High School Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in America , 4 pupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil would like to learn about the American Motor Industry .
Taking the importance of learner autonomy and the importance of the pupils ' motivation into consideration , we have decided that they can follow their interests on this course .
For those interested in top fashion brands , I would recommend visiting the shops in the main street .
For those who are looking for cheap but practical clothes , I would recommend you to go to one of the shopping malls of the capital .
Mass - market clothes , bags , cosmetics , children 's toys are available there .
The main shopping mall of the city is under reconstruction at the moment , but in one year , it will be open to visitors and will surprise them with high - tech design and exclusive brands .
And if you are trying to find a good product for a reasonable price , visit the city 's outlet centre - collections from the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
AIESEC has 64 years of experience in turning high - potential young people into globally - minded , responsible leaders .
To conclude , giving information about support that they can receive from the government and skills is a very helpful way to solve homelessness in Japan .
On the other hand , deforestation is , as said , another part of global warming due to fewer carbon - dioxide - storing trees .
To sum up , both issues have enormous impacts on our world .
In both , animals and people are affected .
But , in my opinion , you can stop global warming by stopping deforestation first .
Although experience is extremely important , I disagree that academic qualifications are not important .
When employees face any problems or difficulties at work , they must refer to the theory that explains this phenomenon . Without knowing this theory , employees ca n't overcome these difficulties . For instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
Then employees are able to suggest the best solution . This approach is developed in formal education .
It depends on where and what kind of place you want to reach and it depends on the time of day .
First , what are the advantages of using the bus or train ?
In that case , the choice of public transport will be preferable .
Most of these buses will make many stops , which makes it even more time - consuming .
At the end of the day , you should choose public transport or car according to the purpose of your trip .
However , in its present form , the tribal Jirga , especially in Sindh province , has generated heated debate about its legal position as well as conflict of its rules and codes with the constitution of Pakistan , law of the land or formal justice system as well as international human rights standards and conventions .
So , I think that the government must do something in this respect .
As part of the same planet , protecting the global environment is not only the task of the government , but also the task of each of us .
I am in my final year of high school , which I will leave with a university entrance qualification in July of this year .
I hope you will invite me for a job interview , via Skype or in person , and look forward to hearing from you soon .
Suddenly , it got so dark that I could not see a thing .
I started shouting , as my parents were out of sight , but nobody answered .
After a while , I started shaking - I was alone in a forest !
I did not have to wait so long , though - after a while , I saw our car 's lights glowing in the darkness .
Next time I go on such a trip , I need to make sure that I have a fully - charged mobile with me .
During my studies , I went abroad to the University of Paris , where I studied political sciences and international management .
After my studies , I did a Master 's in cultural sciences at the University of Maastricht .
In this way , I have , to some extent , developed strategic thinking about individual client needs .
I am a 24-year - old Italian girl . I studied English during high school and for this reason I travelled in different countries in order to improve the language .
In those places , I had the opportunity to communicate with other people from all over the world .
I studied in London for 1 month some years ago and I visited different places , such as Brighton and Liverpool , where I attended some short summer courses .
For these reasons , I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of job . I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and seeing things in a very simple and natural way .
Cooking is one of the things I like most and I am not frightened of working hard , since I believe that if you want to improve , you have to apply yourself a lot .
I hope you will consider my application . This would actually be a wonderful experience for me .
Suddenly Spencer came to the barn again and told her friends that she had n't seen Allison , but she thought she 'd heard her scream .
In the show , the friends try to find out who " A " is and show Allison was murdered , while " A " turns their lives into hell .
On the other hand , lack of privacy is a major disadvantage in a famous person 's life , as their personal life 's boundaries are constantly crossed by paparazzi and journalists .
In conclusion , fame may be nice , but it 's not an easy path to walk on .
You have money but you do not feel safe . You have friends but you can never be sure if they like you or your money .
In this way , I 'd have the chance to get to know different people from all over the world and , at the same time , I 'd earn some money to visit the city and the castles of England , where many historic battles were fought .
I was wondering if you would mind asking around if a school is looking for a part - time teacher ?
After leaving London , I 'd love to do two months of volunteering at a children 's hospital in York .
Thank you for your advice . Kisses !
It had been a hot summer 's day .
Suddenly , a deafening noise coming from the dining room stopped the party , but nobody knew what had happened .
Almost immediately , the house was empty , and the music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase , valued at £ 2000 was broken .
Michael decided to blame the dog for the unfortunate incident and when he told his father what had happened , he automatically put the dog up for adoption as it was n't the first time , despite Michael 's attempts to avoid him doing it .
Once they had arrived at the shelter , the family started to say goodbye to the dog , crying loudly .
