When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology , because one day I would like to open my own psychology clinic and help people .
Rich people will buy a car , but poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
I consider it more convenient to drive a car , because you carry more things in your own car than when travelling by car .
In my experience , when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realize the importance of public transport .
In India , we have various types of public transport , like , bikes , cars , trains & planes .
For the above - mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach I like playing with my sister in the sand and then we go in the sea .
For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
But , if you want , I will look for a job for you .
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on doing so in the future .
Because public transport is a more cost - effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Also , people need not suffer the high operating cost of running their own car .
But can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from home .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and travel on a public plane .
In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use cars more than buses or the underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground , but on the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both modes of transport are good , and cars do n't need necessarily to bring an end to public transport .
If I had to choose between both forms of transportation , I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
At some strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and plastic bottles and they also give talks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
All these initiatives have made us all , over the years , a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to share about my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . Why do I choose it ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
After many years , he still dreamt of becoming a super hero .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and got mad , saying that she was lying and did n't have a heart .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings a number of benefits in our life .
It is true that travelling by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it will cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
For example , carbon dioxide , which is emitted by cars .
It causes global warming , which threatens our environment and harms our daily life .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process is started right away .
However , the best option is to choose a train .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
Computing Technology has been advancing a great deal in recent years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better , and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new invention .
As we can see , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
But wait a minute , am I really sufficiently angry to do this ?
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
On the one hand , travel by car is really much more convenient , as it gives you the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue when travelling by car .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and winning the best championship , the Uefa Champions League , and the best scorer of all time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
If you think I am the right person you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaper and also safer , but some people prefer cars . To what extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
Nowadays all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer driving their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
To summarise , it is different from some oneis opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and that in the end , cars will disappear and will no longer be used .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and , with low budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of the town , is the environment .
However , we , the people , play a really important part in making it worse .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Usually , I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
His main words : " You must work and work very hard if you want to get good results " .
We achieved this result because we are friendly and organised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
I have seen your advertisement in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer , so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later , so I could speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
I hope you consider my candidature , because wo n't disappoint you .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .
Besides , there are lots of low - income people who ca n't buy their own car .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , what if you can not survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough money to look after your parent .
Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
You can also buy a lot of gifts , like key chains , statues , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I have not been to New Zealand but , believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
In those years , I went through the worst moments of my life .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that that day was one of the worst days of my life .
That night , I cried because I felt that I did n't have any friends .
We like watching TV series and cooking different desserts , too .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I think if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level of English .
The lessons are very funny .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always remain at a constant level , and someday it will run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear power and wind power . Public transportation such as the electric metro use this kind of energy .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , most cities in the world will become overcrowded . This will lead to many other problems that will need to be solved . For example , traffic jams and air pollution .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public transport services have a bright future and their existence in the future ca n't be replaced .
Hello Alex , how are you ?
Are you free at the weekend ? Have you got any plans ?
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects a and stable environment for the younger generation to grow up in .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs . Economic stability is affected as a result of a lack of people contributing to the economy .
There is n't enough oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily .
Sometimes we go to partyies in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
Another person is Angel . He does n't dance anywhere .
Hello Something ,
For example , there is a girl in my class and she is beautiful .
I like to run fast , so fast in fact that it feels as if I am running on air and my feet hardly touch the ground between strides .
My favourite place to run is in the forest , but I like to run sportive too .
I like to feel the ground under my feet is soft , so soft , not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the streets of the city .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little faster and then , after 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensitivity , robustness of results and less time required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change has happened .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " The Sailor 's Restaurant " .
The atmosphere reminds one of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of shells and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space , so we can sit all together at the same table .
Currently , most people are used to using their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to it being more comfortable .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car so much .
First of all , you need to be able to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the insurance , road tax , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students , completing summer homework , correcting homework , diligently assisting the instructor , helped the instructor organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also cleaning the classroom , very hard work , but I have nothing to complain about .
It 's just that your wage paid is much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback from people .
Conversely , in small towns , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest money in transport , because fewer people would use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom , because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom was walking to school and he saw his friend Huck and they talked a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom said to her about another girl , so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk to him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house , he sneaked into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day , the people of the town went to church to attend the funeral of Tom , because many people thought that Tom was dead . But suddenly Tom opened the door and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered like an adventure .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure with stopping Injuin Joe ...
By improving their Japanese skills in Japan , they have the opportunity to get a job .
This is an esay about my favourite sport . It has been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a chance to go the to swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
Luckily , the operation was fine and she stopped coming with me , and since that day , I go on my own .
Swimming is relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool . But sometimes there are children and I do n't like that so much because they like disturbing me . But sometimes it is amusing , too .
It 's not just a hobby ; it 's more than that .
When you dance , sing , or act , you are showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
That 's a joke . You must sleep .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog and its name 's Chente . It is a golden retriever .
It 's a lovely dog . He knows how I feel .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
Actually , I prefer spending my time alone . I am working in another town , so I live away from my family .
To work in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers good attention and service .
We think that in the future the planet will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have wars .
In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . Also , we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the North Pole will have melted completely .
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
Regarding the above , I advise all rookies to start playing this sport and they will get many benefits .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
Transportation is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
public transportation . Day by day folk are more crazy about their own vehicles which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , like many private companies
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
I never thought about it before . People have so many pets .
At peak time , the park is very busy even though the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly , the same is true of their dogs .
Usually there are generational problems ; sons do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
The first movies were amazing ! !
The fans of this series had been waiting for this movie since the first movie appeared . That was in 2012 .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance , even culture .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology every day and everywhere .
Technology is always being upgraded and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's generation is influenced by technology to such an extent that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends that can lend him some .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has seats for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
Another type of public transport is the taxi . Like the car , it is more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
Dear Mr Dimara ,
I live in Patras , a big city in Greece .
In my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings are covered in drawings and writing .
Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
Since we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , the police should stop the vandalism .
If there were police all around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
As a rule , after the final exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in future they see as in a fog .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional spheres .
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer work .
And thirdly , they might work to earn their own money or travel .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Caring for the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions to care for it .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if possible , the exact date , because I need to book my flights .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would cost for all the different options ?
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
The police reached the museum and caught the robbers red - handed .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party all night .
In my opinion , though English has great significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
Last month I was at a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to meat , but it is perfect for having dinner with your friends .
The problem with the restaurant is the location . It is far from people and cities , and the space , which is very small for lots of people .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
It was my favorite flower . I still have it .
In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time ; you can not have a life , no peace , not a happy .
Nevertheless , the journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and who they spend time with , if stay with something important or what they buy .
This is terrible . You do not have privacy , and society should take some of the blame , because if they do not take a photo or follow the lives of the famous , people will be bored .
How are you ?
Forgive me .
Once upon a time , there was a little ant called Penny . He was really small compared with the others .
He hated being like that because most of the ants made fun of him , until one day something horrible and inevitable happened .
All of them tried to find a way out , but no one could find one ... They started to get panicky !
Penny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
As they were very religious ants , they prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help them with the problem .
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time she got mad and she wanted revenge .
The next day , when they were about to start filming , there were no ants there , so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
At that moment , the ants and Penny attacked them from behind , making them leave the place .
Basketball has many benefits , not just for me but also for everyone .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and forest in order to satisfy all their needs , which will destroy the ecosystem , diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse , and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , English in particular .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yes .
Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
This situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's health .
First reason : the grammar that teachers or institutes teach is like the Spanish language , my native language .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
Second reason : in English syntax , the rules for constructing paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . What is the rule ?
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , also known as little master .
He has many achievements , like the first 200 in one day , etc .
For a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide , is what they can do better , batting or bowling .
If you want to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , stance and , batsmen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination . Discover some shots which have become key factors in batting .
Also , watch videos of some the of best players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
As health is an important factor in every sport , you also need to improve your health and stamina .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy them here .
If you want to travel around this city , I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
I also want to introduce my friends to you . We can have fun together .
When you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here ,
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they might not learn to swim , and also , when you become older it will be more difficult to learn than when you are young .
Recently , also , on the roof of the primary school solar panels were installed and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
Wszysycy , residents of my village , they try to , so that our village is clean and pollutes the environment as little as possible .
Firstly , the bus is always stopping to pick up a passenger so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and , for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting journey for then to see more action .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan which I consider the fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
To sum up , I still consider having your own car way more safe and convenient .
Global warming is a serious issue ; higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
I want to see blue sky and not streams of cars like in the film " The Fifth Element " .
Your order for 6 air conditioning units is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We are aware of this mistake . We had a confusion of the number of air conditioning units before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed too late and that the order was n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
Luckily , the most expensive art is still the old art , like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays , a lot of empty artworks are being sold at auctions around the world for extraordinarily high prices .
Finally , our class was the first runner - up .
In the end , my house was the runner - up .
We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is best that all people go to the place on foot or by running . Also , it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly debated that tourism has greatly influenced not only the aspects of a country , but of the whole world .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . How ? people become more careful at their historical sites , thereby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and he was 27 years old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even at reverse , but he never found them .
The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 years old and she loved to run and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
The second daughter was named Elizabeth and was a leopard She . was the intelligent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
The last daughter was Ana , who was the youngest of the family and was a jaguar .
One day , the animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
Hello Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
You have been having classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports , because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to classes .
This is my opinion , but the decision is yours , so when you decide , please send me a letter telling me about it .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
So , if the kids hurt themselves , then l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June last year .
Then I revised Maths at home before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already buy the tickets .
When I was older , I was able to get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I had to learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
He started walking very quickly .
She started to take consciousness , although she could n't remember how she got there .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
The first reason is its speed compared to both other means of transportation . It can travel faster .
As a result , people can save time .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who has attended high school .
Young people want to discover the world and travelling reaches places which would be unreachable otherwise .
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 - year- old male from the Kingdom of Bahrain .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and suitable for life .
In order to attain this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You have to put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distraction from university .
On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do not play any .
However , I sometimes do skipping to keep myself fit .
Michael sent the story but he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name and address .
Her skin is colored red and green ; red dots on top of the green to be more precise .
What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn good money and you have a cultural experience .
A lot of people think that there are too many ads on television , but , is it true ?
On the one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we watch has a lot of mentions of products or services .
Why do I make this choice you clearly can ask : I love sun and good weather .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay in the sun because you end up being burnt by the sun .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment . That 's why I need to work in order to pay my fees .
Also , I 've just got my FCE certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native - speaking country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and experience a different culture .
In Castelldefels , there are other activities that are less popular , but cheaper . For instance : free zumba masterclass , beach yoga , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both the popular and the newest .
If you tried all the activities , you would have a great time here in Castelldefels !
How are you ?
You will come into Reus airport , right ?
Well , the airport is located just outside Reus . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
When you get off the bus , you should ask someone for Spring Street .
I am particularly interested in and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of Operations at the new underground project , Chiquicamata .
Without further ado , I remain , yours faithfully ,
Nowadays , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people are learning languages , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
Today , globalization is bringing the world closer together . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example through literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery , model 001212 .
One month ago , I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , on your online website .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 model ) which needs batteries , model 002545 .
If I have no mobile , I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem , I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
However , there is only one thing that we dislike .
With the purpose of attracting more people to join the club , besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid problems .
After that comes the most significant stage ; that is , inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
People now are worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet , it is called .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year 's experience .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles of the qualities that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than the one I told you before in that e - mail .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the latest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
In general , I had only one duty , and that was checking the guest list . On top of that , I had to help with cleaning the area after the concert .
They were not only really clever people , but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject , even English .
This way , we made the most of it and never gave up improving our English level .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teaching team .
That way , we would have been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up the report , will I just say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
Over the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water purification company .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work , I feel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
I learnt from research that you can do everything at any time . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for community service and the development of my society , as I hope to come back and teach others what I have learnt .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to 12 years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun . In my opinion , they are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job .
I do not like to be alone or feel lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Carbon - based fuels will not last forever .
I would say that , most probably , private cars are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population - growth forecast tells us that , in the next 35 years , the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher , while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they studied last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because , after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because the long vacation will get students used to having fun instead of studying , and partly because some difficult courses should be continually studied .
To begin with , there is a general consensus that students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
For instance , learning English should be a daily activity . If you have a long time without studying English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a high probability that you are healthy .
So , if you are starting this sport , you should do it because you will really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to do other sports .
Soccer is not a violent sport , but sometimes it becomes violent .
Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " , who looks just like me .
In New York I ate so much . I also went to the city that never sleeps : Manhattan .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , which looks like a ghost town .
It does not have very much to do , but there were the falls .
They were incredible , amazing and beautiful .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms and dormitories for their students to lower the costs , because most students have a low income .
Other students , who may have family financial support , prefer to hire an apartment to live independently .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those for hiring an apartment , and because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is more efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
They annoy me .
The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture , when it may create some conflicts between states .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals , where some states allow this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal government blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , federal government , which gives freedom and power , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confusion over responsibility .
I think that any type of trip is exciting , but they also have their frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important pieces of advice ; first , try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler finds a way to get along with his or her companion .
As an example , if you are able to get along with your travel companion , you can enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places of common interest such as museums or malls .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food , and also , most of the time , could get angry about the excessive amount of pepper that the Mexican people usually use to prepare their food .
As a piece of advice , I would suggest you ask for sauces with less pepper .
In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious flavour that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I have offered two important pieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get along with your companion in order to have fun , and try to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
SMS , such as Facebook , send out 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Tweets are published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also , there is a high potential of being deliberately aggressive toward someone .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking , harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
To do different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
So stop searching for the right sport . This one is for you !
I think the government should reduce the fares on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
The city council has conducted several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate waste .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog owners are mostly to blame .
As soon as the last river ends , the southern border of Egypt is here .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization , which is over 6 thousand years old .
Throughout time , the Nile has been the only source of water for Egyptians .
Through the centuries , people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developed , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
For centuries , this building has been the symbol of this city .
In my opinion , it is important because it reminds us of our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are aware of it .
In this fast moving world , transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society .
Similarly , travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
To sum up , with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
Priority seats are reserved for those who need them , not only elderly people but also some adults need them .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films .
Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services for an international bank , in the mass market and small business .
In many years of work , I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic team .
I need to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reunite our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue licence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer while studying for the patent padi dive master
Nowadays we all hope that public transport can save the world .
Maybe robots will be able to drive more intelligently than people .
Some people think it might take away their independence .
But other people think that it is not so bad an idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
These terrible consequences are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied hearts .
I did n't choose that . This job chose me .
For the last two years , I have been a member of the swimming group at the University .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Also , holidays are very helpful days to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to get away from modern life , which is full of material subjects .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of developing .
Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays , our cities are becoming larger and more crowded .
Should we learn other languages ?
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also , in recent years expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has became something essential in our lives to find a job .
Also , I think that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitable in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
I have worked in an Easter camp too , and I have already organised a lot of activities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
Winnie really loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of food at her house .
I felt happy today , although Winnie hurt herself .
In my opinion , the house of the future will be better .
Inside , they will be full of conveniences .
Relaxation , learning , kitchen zones , and so on .
In the house of the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
Thanks to that , it can expand or contract .
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any age , but children can start to learn to swim as early as two years of age .
Swimming as a sport is very useful for weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients , because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's jobs , but at the same time , they are just concerned about their own subjects .
During the concert , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
Actually , everybody was worried because they had given their time and effort for it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird flying freely .
Of course , I had some pain in my legs because I was standing all the time .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please come and see how we prepare for the concert .
Regarding advertising , technology is having a huge and not always positive impact on outdoor advertising .
From black - and - white ads posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor ads placed in every available and imaginable spot .
Advertising might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
In our country , one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
In order to resolve some budget deficits . Today there are mainly two TV groups .
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who , to watch this or that television program .
Despite changing channels , we see the same news .
Nowadays , only national or international broadcasting groups can be in the competition .
However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to find out more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But , if I were you , I would take a taxi because the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant , as is usual at this time of year .
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment in order to do work better than before .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea for the main course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , a more or less relaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I think that we should vote on this , because we will have a good night or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know something new about other classmates .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat whatever American food you want and you will get the same fantastic experience as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern - day lives .
More than a billion people use buses , taxis and trains etc , as tourists , for work , for meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
I disagree with the statement above because , in the future , we are likely to have only two classes in society : the rich and the poor .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different scenes where the action takes place .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best thing for you is movies .
Also , many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic , just like her childhood memories .
Next day , going home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
I ' m the perfect choice for this work . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
I 'm also good at dealing with people . In fact , since when I was younger , I was the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in her cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it every day .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing , because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be guaranteed to achieve your goals at all , so it could become a real nightmare if you do not focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
But if you do not , there is always another solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
When I was little , I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I could never imagine : football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls . But once I tried it , I loved it .
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now some other women and I have started to organize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football , is that you have to be ready to receive some punches .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic , traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , many stars sell their privacy to earn more and more money .
It has always been very useful since a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
Cars need to be repaired . Besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you use public transport , you can cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one vehicle .
Finally , the last reason is convenience , because if you have a car , it is so difficult to find a parking space in the centre of the city .
Besides , in some cities , cars can not be parked in some places , such as the old city and the city centre .
Take the example of mobile technology . Your latest handset , with the latest configurations becomes outdated within a few months of buying it .
In the last 50 years , science and technology took great leaps ; the internet and mobiles made us more connected .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in a new place . Google maps is always there to help .
On the other hand , terrorism , global warming and greed have become the top challenges of today 's world .
Perhaps you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open - minded person and I have had a lot of experience in this field , as well .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that think it helps children 's brains to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work , for research , or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and exchange information .
Nothing is impossible in life , but it is not easy to find sincere friends .
The more people you meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find one , spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree with everything you say , but they should share their views about it .
You can find a variety of articles , such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travel , the weather and the environment .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in our life . It seem to me to be good opportunities to make our life easier .
Also , they make us cleverer .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that he forgot a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
Personally , for me , I like books very much . When I am at home , I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do sports all the time , but if I really need do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think the swimming pool is clearing .
For example , after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like bright sunshine and sand .
Actually , I do not know how to swim , but it is my favorite sport .
Moreover , I think before doing any kind of sports we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we should not stay at home or work all the time .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste with the active cooperation of most of the citizens , who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
And that is a negative point . These dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to exchange the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I suddenly remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that did it would be rewarded with a bonus point , but anyways , this is n't important information .
I got a bit scared , so I searched for them outside in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb had hit the city and killed almost everyone . Now I had to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
Finally , after some days , I found some neighbors with some food . I was starving to death , so I ate a lot .
The next morning , I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around seeking to kill and eat us .
In the night , I was thinking about many things when I heard some noises .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others but it was too late ; it was the group or us .
In some ways , the fact that she stole the food in the night and I woke up was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how I am going I would not do it , because I have to face all of this .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise you feel well in yourself and in your body .
Nowadays , there are a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Thanks and start now . You wo n't regret it .
Is there no future for public transport because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old boy explains " I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . "
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fares on public transport ) , but also , it is safer .
Do you agree or disagree ? " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " .
People usually tend not to tell her the truth , since it could hurt her feelings .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters . People usually tend to keep it private , since , most of the time , it is strange and inappropriate to talk about oneself too much to people at work or even people that one has just got acquainted with .
If there are questions about things one does not want other people to know , they might tell a little white lie , which usually does not matter too much .
I ended up getting expelled from the school because the teacher and our classmates suspected Michael and I had stolen our classmate Sally 's wallet .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know , even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
I like making puzzles or games which involve running and jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking , but because I never have time to dedicate to that .
That is a good quality of mine ; I learn things very fast and I can also get used to new things .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeing my little group diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants I was the only one that had no problems with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . His face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker . So we needed to find something that was a # nutritional food which we could eat with no problems and be OK .
We got close to the pharmacy . There was no walkers inside , so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check on us in the night . I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
To my mind , there should be a boundary between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and have some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celebrities ' ' work ' , so they have to take it into account .
To my mind , they do not believe celebrities are normal people like everyone of us , only with more money in bank bank accounts
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery , which made me take the decision to watch this film .
Still , they only had the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down , it becomes very dangerous .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that , tall or small , anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , So , basically , it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you will probably miss something . Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player detects the location of the ball in that amount of time . And then there 's the intensity . If you haven't seen a game , go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd . You 're missing out .
Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different bins .
Especially in spring , there are a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friend , Moreno , and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked the Chianina beef . It was very tasty .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant , despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive , and I will , no doubt , be back for other meals .
Also , this illegality is responsible for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start using drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
I think everyone has tried some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy themself with friends or just to try them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and be very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life , because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to impose limits on themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long time .
But unfortunately , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can pick me up from the school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljameah Street , then turn right beside the farce of KAU University . After getting off the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doñana National Park , where , in that period , you can see some migratory birds .
He has yellow skin and big eyes . He is blond and has got spiky hair .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason he is always misbehaving .
In the Simpson family , all the characters are very funny .
For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It was one dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
" I was quite surprised , to be honest . I had n't received a letter for months .
Although I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I had inherited a good deal of money .
First of all , they are very dirty by nature .
So - called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the improvement of their own town .
I am upset about it and , whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow citizens and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in nature .
People now are self - centred and very narrow - minded .
Though they are becoming so - called educated , but in a real sense they are still savages .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax , listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses ; sometimes buses are faster .
Speaking about money , travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements .
Happily , you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
For now , one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika . That 's the problem .
So , yes , the decision is made .
The door of his room was open . He came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having the balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family , and so on , but that is what happened .
At the time , he did n't realise that .
At the moment , I have finished the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics , which are the subjects that I like most .
My teachers are very good at their job , so I hope to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and , I think , even at home .
I hope to be at a good English level , because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to get into this school , even though I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because of the calories , the kilos they are going to gain , and all that stuff .
Again , we ate tacos , but this time they were special .
That day did not end with the tacos . After a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
The third day was one of my favourites . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
The seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
On the fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos . The place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option , or you can share it with amazing company , as I did .
The sixth day was to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get a Master 's Degree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar because of all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed , so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , when referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imagining his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair , just from looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who robbed him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe the other characters psychologically . He focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the sole exception of the thief , who talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
I would like to read a story without tale ; just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
After finding the adoption papers , she contacted the adoption agency .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
On the first day , I was very angry because my parents did n't take my best friend , llaria with us .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't an ordinary boy . He was Felix !
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life asking him some questions and singing his songs .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizzas ; all of them are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
The staff is very helpful , explaining the menu to customers .
Also , the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and dessert .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
In this essay , both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From another perspective , sometimes , professional athletes are not good role models .
It goes without saying that this kind of behavior sends the wrong message to the young .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens , the city of London , and the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
From the 4 sources eaten , 3 of them maintained a steady decline , with the exception of chicken consumption , which had risen over the 25 year period .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although they maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 , and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Overall , it is clear from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose , and one remained steady over the 25 year period .
Recently , he visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Alexis told me to try contacting you .
Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications all support the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
Thereafter , I studied the accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
In the course of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris at the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am referring to Lugo city .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places and festivals which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The city has many projects , such as " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , the goal of which is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
Sometimes , they will be some kind of a modern artwork and it will be hard to describe the shape .
In practice , there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
Yet , often , being overly respectful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership of other people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics , such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' needs .
However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
Have you ever thought about how you could promote your language courses , for example ?
Another advantage is that a developing natural gas industry equals new jobs , which is profitable for people living in the area .
Even if companies hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be growth in the number of job positions in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas .
When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard , as there are so many choices .
Sandy beaches , crystal - clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies , thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
I had insomnia the night before my exam . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared , but also my nerves got into tatters and that affected my scores tremendously .
Ever since , I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
So , for sure , having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
If we run out of power , entire cities could be plunged into chaos , and that is unacceptable .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , as in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups , like mestizos , European Peruvians , who are the second largest group , and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , such as the survival of the Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
It is a city that keeps its history through : amazing architecture , like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the Carnival . On this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbors . Through their traditional dance , called " La Marinera " . They also keep their history through religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example of their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder ; a full set of saucepans ( do you really need that ? ) .
Every day , as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
Little by little , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
The subjects I 've pursued at high school level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
Czech universities provide high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , a safe and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of . Bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
So , having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
So , if someone really loves their pet , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain is after such a big effort!.
For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit .
With best wishes
Since she left for Paris last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
I had never travelled to Europe before , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars , and that compels us to seek other routes .
Homeschooling should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon , since only a few countries : the UK ,
education , while attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschooling as a wake - up call for educational
Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy - efficient systems .
Environmentally - friendly buildings will definitely be on the drawing board .
Built from recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which are more and more popular , even these days .
What I love most about this sport is the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and , as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport an effective way of taking the stress out of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , whether it be in the morning before going to work or even after .
It consists of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
However , there are some questions as to whether it should be for everyone or not .
For example , things might not go as they had expected for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
Hello , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham , who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
I liked this story a lot , firstly , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they take me to another universe , making me forget everyday life .
Secondly , it is very original , because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights are shown to be fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody , because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
I am interested in working in educational institutions or in Social Care .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in a Youth Supervision environment in preparation for our final assignment , so I am able to be a member of your highly - skilled staff .
In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping the area manager to organize activities for children .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .
To fulfill this dream , a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
Especially in big cities where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities , it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than to use public transport .
Well , it depends .... When you travel in your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are the driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to leave or stay longer in some place .
However , as a driver , you always have to be careful and watch out on the road .
Consider , as well , how many days you have for vacations .
And if the environment is important to you , just think about the pollution .
The second time when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer , its leg is in a trap ! " , Max 's friend shouted .
In most cases , they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and , according to them , because of the good food and fun environment .
In my opinion , the food was good , but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order , such as : dishes from another table served to us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after who told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit , confirming that great places still exist .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging , according to Belcher .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that , no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
Another advantage for a site to being inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List , the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments of heritage preservation .
Moreover , they remain on the list of sites in danger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in danger , unless they do not meet the ten criteria , should be protect by UNESCO .
Even when I was a kid , I started playing with boys much older than me .
Apart from his cricketing skills , I love his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling , one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
About two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
So , after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that , before this , I need to do other things .
Rome had its heyday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later , it was only a shadow of its past .
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people , know about it .
One day in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their roots in much older times .
But let 's not digress into that . That 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
It would be terrific if you came with me . Is it possible ?
In this Camp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing lessons and so on , but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks . It always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off . What do you think about coming with us from the 1st August to the 15th ?
Best wishes
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels , which is made of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance style , which has remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded courtyard .
During the tour , the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as the Royal Private Apartments with world - famous tapestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain , it will be a memorable experience .
I think I am very lucky then , because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
In the same way , I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescence can be compared to a foggy path and , even when it seems you can see something through it , in reality you ca n't .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under our skin , it is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite .
We 're confused , they 're not clear , and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible , because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of agreement , because in the end we do n't only feel anger towards , them but also a lot of love .
Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown in the dark .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
Every afternoon it is crowded , so it is very difficult to do exercise .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and more people buy private cars .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
Moreover , in the first three countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In conclusion we can say that , from the standpoint of doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well - known and well - loved sport in most countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
Boxing is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
If not killed , then more likely paralysed .
With this going on , the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people . The new boxers could be even more at risk .
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and , hopefully , less all round interest in violence , making towns and cities much safer places to live in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks for little or no reason .
There are all sorts of proposals ; lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn , or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the later rounds . These would all show off the boxers ' skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing ; motor sports and even mountaineering have risks that are real .
In Candide , the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - Troncks .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not . Because of his training , he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart 's brother .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Throughout the book , we begin to see how Candide is gradually led away from l'optimisme or , perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde , but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry he . Despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course , in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimism is one of despair , not hope .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly - formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries , since this would produce a formidable international military force .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all , and even with 1992 approaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
Even now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing alone against a hostile world .
It seems to me that , for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
In the last half - century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is , judgement made law .
There is very little European influence on our law , of course . In many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
The fact is that , when united , European unity would still , in essence , be divided .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms , I feel this reallocation of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst , to a certain extent , I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world , a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision - making which will eventually decide the new world order .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control of defence to any central body ,
Whilst , to an extent , crippling defence costs could be cut , this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population 's composition .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
E.R.M. is already upon us , but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system , I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclude , I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 , after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britain 's relationship with Europe .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls , allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ?
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is , indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand , people will be happier , get on better .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one : to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question , who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
On Britain 's roads there is an ever - increasing volume of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams .
To remedy this , the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
The main disadvantage with the railways is , as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the services were integrated , there would be a bus timetable which coincided with the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train , as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bus or pay for an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto the trains .
To improve the rail service , trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
The train and bus companies have to liaise with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price as or less than it would cost to go by car .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major congestion in rush hour periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in the population . If it is made cheap for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the strain off of the overloaded British roads .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicular transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere , damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Torturing the Earth we are living on .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back , why do we still insist that we travel in such a .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road ?
The most likely answer lies in 2 areas . Firstly , the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to back move . They are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
Even if we did , then , surely , so does the rest of the world .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much ; there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards . These people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
This has now been intensified with the sale of the railways to private rail companies , profit motivated .
The vital , small rail links may now be closed , whereas previously they where subsidised to make up the loss . Now the private companies can not afford to do this , so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull , which may cause a brain clot or tumor .
Underground fights are far more dangerous , since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although , throughout the years , rules have been made to dilute the sport 's sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently , then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank all due respect , most of his fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' sport ' safer : having ringside doctors , banning bare hand fights , but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson 's comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
Let us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recently beginning a subscription to view Tyson 's " next Live Lights " .
Now , let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport , would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world . Yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
The British national lottery is run by non - British firms .
Since its introduction , there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
For example , 3 million pounds were given to Eton college , one of the richest public schools , for a gymnasium . Money was also given to the royal opera house .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable causes . The rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so - called charities .
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high . Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had ruined their life , alienating them from friends and family .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ! Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot - and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
The world watched in anticipation . We were mesmerized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it . I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it . It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin .
It was the start of what our now President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain . For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life . Many people had tried to escape .
Some had been executed . I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- he had left his family and friends , his whole life , and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
I asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left .
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there . Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany .
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Poland and Rumania rose against communist regimes as well . Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say .
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain . Without the " events of the Berlin Wall " , history probably would not have taken a very different course . Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did .
However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc . As such , it was the catalyst that led to the end of the Cold War and , therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell .
This thing , technology , has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time , I had only one choice of language - German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
It is true in a way . The development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our heads . But at what cost ?
As for making the human brain redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
When calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students at mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public ; why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you ?
This is very time - saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
Computers can offer escape from the humdrum routine of daily life by means of games , but they are mind - numbing and uninventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work of men .
The repetition of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and , not only that , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future , but what part will man have in this future ?
There will be no need for people to go to school , as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
Also , in schools , I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and have normal people again .
These include the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
Partly , this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This , then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
Whether it be a kitchen knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Certainly , we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen knife responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut existence .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural , part of the human condition for bettering itself .
If one scientist does not make a discovery , then another one will .
Another problem is that people think that the monarchy is being abolished in many countries and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolished in this country , too .
For example , many people like the royal family because they are honest people , not like the politicians , who always lie .
I think the royal family and the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if many people want the monarchy to be abolished , a general election should be called and then we would see if the monarchy should be abolished .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
There are ethics involved relating to who is given the treatment and who is n't
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
Through no fault of her own , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair to help her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and , in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
Last year there was a case of a post- menopausal woman who , by lying about her age , was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child , since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... There should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead foetuses .
People in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants . There are many complications but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements , or a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman , placed in a test tube , and then sperm is placed into the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
In vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel a part of her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children , so why should she have one implanted into her .
It is not fair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also , the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y , so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a boy , Y sperm is selected , and if a girl , X is selected .
As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be fewer couples .
Also , what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex .
In cows , it is commonly known as mad cow disease and , by law , any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
The problem is , however , the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
The rest of the meat , however , is relatively safe and eating , e.g. , a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
However , the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export as well .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed , France and Germany already have restricted and in some places banned the sale or import of British beef because of fears about it s safety .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages , have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course , stock cubes .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD , part of the cow 's offal must be contained within the beef ,
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants , where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of one is MacDonalds , where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production , there would be a lower need for beef cows .
Because of this , the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out , as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result , they may have to diversify into other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary , then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
At the same time , other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was , therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
For so many years , the good that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical , ideas .
A discovery that has significantly changed many peoples lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic known as AIDS .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world , because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
For example , there is more stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS , too .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all - time high .
In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and it rarely occurs .
Relationships seem to be valued more than one - night stands .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bomb shelters to an ever - circulating Chief Executive command post from the air .
In just the past three years , our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
In America , the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived at a standstill .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital , but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacterium - the producer of penicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace . From the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories , accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous . However , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd- and 3rd - world countries ) how ubiquitous computers are .
Due to this , errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant - for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
In part , it has created The Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th century is often labelled .
Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
Presidents and dictators alike switch on the channel to receive first - hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coups d'etat or civil wars .
Decisions about governmental autonomy are being made based on that night 's news CNN commentator .
The creation of MTV in 1980 has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
Naval programs have wasted large amounts of money in the United States due to the satellite dish .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years has altered the average intelligence of human beings for the better and sometimes for the worse .
The discovery of atomic energy is undoubtedly the most awesome as well as the most terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Before the invention of the airplane , long - distance travel was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather . Also , as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
Because of the lack of long - distance travel , people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
Since the invention of the airplane , the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern - day life .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans , it also kills animals and plants .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue . Many groups have formed to plant more trees .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it also is beneficial to their environment .
Now though , people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We do still raise some for food , but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
But we are heading in the right direction and , hopefully , by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer , so that whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered with paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
Of course , this was very time - consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer , I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , with the use of the Word Processor , I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents without altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
But , without the use of computers , I would still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world - from across town to all the way to Beijing - every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While , previously , people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening . This allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event , and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law - it can be done immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act . This allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
Not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem like the good guy always wins , and always lives through dangerous situations .
However , with the dawn of the twentieth century , a storm brewed .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and later , ones fueled by coal .
A mother who works , can come home , can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
Again , time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
For , as I have said before , there is no fire !
All these were needed to create the microwave , which is essential nowadays .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and , under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th Century , the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it 's killed ) , but the invention of radio has had a tremendous impact .
There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through the air waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th Century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
At night , one can sit by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolded .
Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news - making process .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , life for Americans moves at a much faster pace .
In Candide , Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
The difference is , today , social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz and Blues music .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference . This literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance of the diversity of our country .
Many made - for television movies say that they may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
