If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for confort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology .
I am interested in looking after chilren and playing with chilfen .
I always simle to people .
I want to play with children and see their simle all day .
This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in past 10 years
On our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time every day .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"You must believe in yorself " .
Hallo my firend ,
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try dicribe everything precisely , becouse I know that you very
It was a lot of time ago , however , I still keep the rhthym in my body !
Around the city , you can find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
I 'm lerning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very dificult .
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
So the best way for them to travel is public transpotations .
Each person should practice saving when using any source of eneny to protect his own live .
In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Are you free for weckend , have you any plans .
If you are interesedt , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
The next day Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an andventure .
So they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understanad .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hais , I hated that !
i have a dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
Also i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are a goog guys .
Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good atencion and service .
It is easyier than you think .
Every sunday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transporotation avaliable
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
It will be very cool to see the las part mokingjay !
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to fnd this advantage with others sports .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
The vandalisme in patras has increased a lot .
In my opinion the police should stop the Vandalisme .
What they will do in future they see , like in a fogg .
Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .
Also they would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne culture through a foreign language ?
Woolypools is a speciallist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .
Additionally , people now continues destroyed more agricultures and forest in order to satisfy all their need , which will distory the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem.first of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be awaness to all human and start to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
I have taken that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that ooportunity I said yes .
I want to say something about the learning of the English Languaje , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
I can recommed you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
To sum it up I still consider having their own car is way more safe and convinient .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
Whethere tourism has had a positive or a negative impact over our lifes , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the econmoy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism influences the econmy , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at their historcal sites , this way preserving them;Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficently .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd have a posibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .
At the beginn I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing .
My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
I had my first snowboardlesson und I loved it .
I enjoy snowoarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
You are very happy und sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
No future for a public transpotr ? is this claim or no ?
i think that it all depands from the development .
yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
but if we are talking abot travelling across you city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
guide the people and giving them of infomation , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Volleyball its my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in life .
In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
The noticie was about a competition .
The story was very good but Michae did not know how to end the story .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
The advertising is everysite .
The TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the messagen on this way .
It was really importatnt for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
As our town is well - known for our magnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the beah or canoening and aquatic skiing on the Olympic Canal .
Well , the airport is located just outside Reus , it 's small but it has a lot of servicies and transport .
With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
Desgin the bank notes are the first and indispensable step .
Peple should decide the background colour and thw artwork while they have to consider the security issues .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely distoryed .
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice men . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authographs on the newest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
I am keen on cinema thus I love to watch all types of fims .
In addition , I think that the settings are very reallistic and the actors had a great performance .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a quialified person for the post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
Although privately oned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
The flight was approximatly five hours where I watch beautiful movies .
In New York I eat so much , I also went to the city thay never sleeps , Manhattan .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she say they do not see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
What if you do n't have none of those requierments ?
Then you know hockey is the aswner .
Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the blame .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are clasified according to the material we want to recycle .
They occupy too many seats , inclouding priority seats .
Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even command young adults or students offer their seat without manners !
I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this spheare .
there are few reasons whcih show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in the intrenational level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Dear Sir or Madamme ,
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their experinces about life .
The reason is that people must complate their tasks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
I worked in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
What an unfoggetable day !
Swimming as a sport is very useful in wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparetion time .
Regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always possitive impact on outdoor advertisement .
It will suit me sometimes , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggresive .
The way it feels aggresive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
But , technology is hre for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in sububs of Artem or Vladivostok .
If I had this house , I would decorat it in modern stayl .
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that televison program .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
They are incredibily delicious .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be indepedent .
She went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skipe and others .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to reacive some punches .
In one hand , becoming a public person associate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
The value of their talent , abilities are counted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
When I worked as educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor acitivities .
The same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for talk about their healht .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
Doing excercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you excercise you feel well with you re self an you re body .
Soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to controll the ball and dribble you 're rivals on the field .
I know that catching celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a walk is a shocking news for people who read tabloids .
So , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a privte life and the ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish are taken .
That is very good idea , because that robbish undergo a recycling .
Every body care about cleanlinees in the front of the house and in the garden .
Margination has a link with the illegality of this activity .
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on your website .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a councelor it is very handy .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .
These days I started studyng English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .
After finding the adoption papers she contacted the adotpion agency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
The importance of working hard to achieve goalы and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for sibblings .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of prfesional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opprtunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable .
For example , things might gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having enoff money or not getting a job .
In addition we had to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assingment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four junger siblings .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the chalenges of working in youth environments .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
It 's about a teen couple who are diyng because of cancer , and they have different ways to think about life and death .
This movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really important things .
It is a ciclical process .
Rome had its hayday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later it was only a shadow of its past .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country declare war to another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its roots in much older times .
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots on a past conflict that may well have happenned already .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
During the tour the visitors are shown several room and apartaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings collection .
Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't rembember is that it could be also the worst .
This could be one of the reason why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we descover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
As I said adolescents could be very confused and if there 's a thing that get under our skinn is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall usleep at night .
Travalling by car is also much more convenient .
In conlcusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , the new boxers could be even more at risk .
There are all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particullary oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
This again implies that these etnic American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurence is for some good .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be challanged .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully intergrated with Europe .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms I feel this realocation of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
This process will continue and Europe the rest of the world will evolue with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
In relenquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerancy .
These superpowers were economically , militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is sucessful depends very much on the people of Europe .
To remedy this the government has started adding a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
The inability to cope with the ammount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy soloution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
People are not taking to the Rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privitisation of different areas .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
My soloution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services , this would get people of the roads and onto the trains .
To improove the rail service trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The basic dilema facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general rise in population .
Most large cities have managed to incourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major conjestion in Rush hour periods .
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
To illistrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
The answer most likly lies in 2 areas , firsty the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a mannor ' .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya bean soup , however I do agree that somthing should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
Just beause we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit earilene to catch public transport .
That could have disasterous implications .
The 2nd reason , is the promblem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
This has now been intensifyed with the sale of the railways , to privite rail companys , profit motivated .
The vital , small rail links may now be closed , priviously they where subsudised to make up the loss , now the privite companies can not afford to do this so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not beleive that any fighter has entered a proffessional boxing career without knowing the risks .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport would be leading the protests againt boxing .
This hypocritical view is shoved by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
The lottery has also suffered alegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their availiable cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , ie highly unlikely .
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give forteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would also remove any american buisness interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
The world watched in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against communist regimes as well -- Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
The repetion of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Whether it be a kitchen - knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Normally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a succesful pregnancy .
There are people who are agains this , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child having started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations ie .
People in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants , there are many complications but many are succesful .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fetous is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely benificial to married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccesful are able to have children .
As the fetous begins its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point abut BSB .
Although British farmers have learned to diversits , Dairy farming and the sale of Beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiform encephalapthy , or BSE .
For beef to be repreived or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
This claim has devestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
As you can imagine this has had a tremendous inffluence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
The answer this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracry .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was therfore , detrimental to the good of society .
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readiliy received if the public it was being aimed was not so jaded .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and dificulties .
Though it has probably been around for awhile , it 's presence hasn't really been known untill fairly recently , and it 's consequences have been devistating .
AIDS has definately had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
It was also attemped to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
In part , it has created The Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th ctry , is often labelled .
Presidents and dictators alike switch the channel to recieve first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
40% of U.S. millionares are entertainers .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversable .
The waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistant for centuries .
Progress has move slow like the tides and the constant rythm of the waves have showed little changed .
However with the daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
In an age where time is the scarcest comodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
Every morning I listen for the weather forcast and dress accordingly .
T.V. comercials and T.V. programs project models of how one should be .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substitued with T.V. In America , this growing individualistic society , one nolonger sees the realitive humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessfull , and attribute thier inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Français , that set guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Academie Français , all literature of the Neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act .
After the Baron is caught bathing with the Mussalman , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
He attracts the hippocracy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
Desegragation reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
This is based on eauity theory .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar ontonyms but indifference .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
