If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground , but on the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both modes of transport are good , and cars do n't need necessarily to bring an end to public transport .
But , even if it 's true that it 's the fastest option , you must be very careful when it 's time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There is n't any comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the route that you are taking and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I always smile at people .
I want to play with children and see their smiles all day .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and , with low budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
At our school or village football stadium I spend a lot of time every day .
I want to give advice to anyone who starts this sport : " You must believe in yourself " .
Hallo my friend ,
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , because I know that you very
It was a long time ago , but , I still keep the rhythm in my body !
Around the city , you can find many places where people throw fridges , ovens , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that that day was one of the worst days of my life .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
So the best way for them to travel is public transport .
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public transport services have a bright future and their existence in the future ca n't be replaced .
Are you free at the weekend ? Have you got any plans ?
If you are interested , meet me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema entrance .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and he also dances with his girlfriend .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
Apart from educational content , there is so much bad content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
First of all , you need to be able to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the insurance , road tax , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered like an adventure .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
I have a dog and its name 's Chente . It is a golden retriever .
Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my dad are good people .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers good attention and service .
It is easier than you think .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
Meanwhile , we recycle inorganic rubbish too .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
Usually there are generational problems ; sons do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
It will be very cool to see the last part of Mokingjay !
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with other sports .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The vandalism in Patras has increased a lot .
In my opinion , the police should stop the vandalism .
What they will do in future they see as in a fog .
Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional spheres .
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer work .
This year - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new energy for further education .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
Because if we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn about our own culture through a foreign language ?
Woolypools is a specialist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
To start with , there are a wide range of problems it may lead to .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and forest in order to satisfy all their needs , which will destroy the ecosystem , diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
In light of the problems mentioned above , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing building construction from now on , and planting more trees instead .
Sustainable development should be awaness to all human beings and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse , and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yes .
I want to say something about learning the English language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
First reason : the grammar that teachers or institutes teach is like the Spanish language , my native language .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
Second reason : in English syntax , the rules for constructing paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . What is the rule ?
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to get a job .
In view of my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
To sum up , I still consider having your own car way more safe and convenient .
Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only to buy , but for fuel , service and so forth .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to such an extent that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies completely on tourism .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . How ? people become more careful at their historical sites , thereby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale .
On a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already buy the tickets .
At the beginning I went to the kindergarten and they taught me to ski .
My father took me between his knees , because I could ski without falling over and it was fun .
I had my first snowboard lesson and I loved it .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are going down the piste .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
No future for a public transport ? Is this claim true or not ?
I think that it all depends on the development .
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
guide people and give them information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distraction from university .
You should try playing , it 's such fun , but I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you have to try many times like you should do in life .
On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
In the newspaper , he read an interesting notice .
The notice was about a competition .
The story was very good but Michael did not know how to end the story .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
I felt like a star ! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
Advertising is everywhere .
TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the messages in this way .
It was really important to him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had n't achieved anything .
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign and local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing at the beach or canoeing and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
Well , the airport is located just outside Reus . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
With the purpose of attracting more people to join the club , besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid problems .
Designing the bank notes is the first and indispensable step .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork and they have to consider the security issues .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged but still good sheets , people will cut them into separate notes and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the latest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
I am keen on cinema and I love to watch all types of films .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic and the actors gave a great performance .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to 12 years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun . In my opinion , they are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job .
Although privately owned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
The flight was approximately five hours during which I watched beautiful movies .
In New York I ate so much . I also went to the city that never sleeps : Manhattan .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important pieces of advice ; first , try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour .
In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious flavour that is so characteristic of our country .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travel , special occasions , etc .
What if you do n't have any of those requirements ?
Then you know hockey is the answer .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog owners are mostly to blame .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
They occupy too many seats , including priority seats .
Moreover , some old people might take this considerate action for granted and they might even command young adults or students to offer their seat without manners !
I have also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , contability and investments .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this sphere .
There are a few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual thoughts .
I have worked in an Easter camp too , and I have already organised a lot of activities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
What an unforgettable day !
Swimming as a sport is very useful for weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients , because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
Regarding advertising , technology is having a huge and not always positive impact on outdoor advertising .
It will suit me sometimes , and it will even be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
But , technology is here for better or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
If I had this house , I would decorate it in a modern style .
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who , to watch this or that television program .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea for the main course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
They are incredibly delicious .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentence , ' ' Why did you leave me that way ? ''
You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skype and others .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football , is that you have to be ready to receive some punches .
On one hand , becoming a public figure is associated with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
The value of their talent and abilities is measured in the amount of tabloids scandals .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
The same with my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their health .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that think it helps children 's brains to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
DOING EXERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOUR HEALTH
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise you feel well in yourself and in your body .
Soccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to control the ball and dribble your rivals on the field .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who read tabloids .
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them .
Once per week on Wednesday , rubbish is collected .
That is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden .
Marginalization has a link with the illegality of this activity .
I am writing to apply for the post of summer camp counsellor currently advertised on your website .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a counsellor that is very handy .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp counsellor .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics student from Italy , in the north .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
Mar Azul Restaurant , in the north of Mexico City , was the location for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away .
After finding the adoption papers , she contacted the adoption agency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I acquired at high school .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my chosen university in more ways than one .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst athletes , many more are just as interesting and beneficial .
For example , things might not go as they had expected for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in a Youth Supervision environment in preparation for our final assignment , so I am able to be a member of your highly - skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with bringing up my four younger siblings .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
It 's about a teen couple who are dying of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
This movie touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people usually live without appreciating the really important things .
It is a cyclical process .
Rome had its heyday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later , it was only a shadow of its past .
One day in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their roots in much older times .
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots in events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots in a past conflict that may well have happened already .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance style , which has remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded courtyard .
During the tour , the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as the Royal Private Apartments with world - famous tapestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it can also be the worst .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we discover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under our skin , it is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't let us fall asleep at night .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
In conclusion we can say that , from the standpoint of doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people . The new boxers could be even more at risk .
There are all sorts of proposals ; lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn , or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the later rounds . These would all show off the boxers ' skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be categorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
This again implies that these ethnic American pieces of literature can not be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and any occurrence is for some good .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be challenged .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms , I feel this reallocation of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst , to a certain extent , I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
In relinquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerance .
These superpowers were economically , militarily and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
To remedy this , the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic on the part of the road system obviously increases the risk of drivers having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
People are not taking to the rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train , as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bus or pay for an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto the trains .
To improve the rail service , trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
The train and bus companies have to liaise with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price as or less than it would cost to go by car .
The basic dilemma facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general rise in population .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major congestion in rush hour periods .
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicular transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere , damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Torturing the Earth we are living on .
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stopped for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
The most likely answer lies in 2 areas . Firstly , the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in teepee s and eat soya bean soup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at this environmental cost ?
Just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit earlier to catch public transport .
That could have disastrous implications .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much ; there is no train to catch in the morning .
This has now been intensified with the sale of the railways to private rail companies , profit motivated .
The vital , small rail links may now be closed , whereas previously they where subsidised to make up the loss . Now the private companies can not afford to do this , so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' sport ' safer : having ringside doctors , banning bare hand fights , but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controversy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport , would be leading the protests against boxing .
This hypocritical view is shared by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the foreseeable future .
The lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable causes . The rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so - called charities .
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , i.e. highly unlikely .
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high . Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had ruined their life , alienating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give fourteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to a more deserving ' charity ' .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
The world watched in anticipation . We were mesmerized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it . I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Poland and Rumania rose against communist regimes as well . Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
The repetition of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and , not only that , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Whether it be a kitchen knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and asking is it fair to the child to have started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations i.e .
People in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants . There are many complications but many are successful .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , and the baby is then inserted back into the mother .
The foetus is left to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial because married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccessful are able to have children .
As the foetus begins its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSE .
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consuming the animal .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point about BSE .
Although British farmers have learned to diversify , dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiform encephalopathy , or BSE .
For beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
This claim has devastated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants , where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracy .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate opposition .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was , therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public it was being aimed at was not so jaded .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrity ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties .
Though it has probably been around for a while , it s presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently , and it s consequences have been devastating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world , because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bomb shelters to an ever - circulating Chief Executive command post from the air .
It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
In part , it has created The Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th century is often labelled .
Presidents and dictators alike switch on the channel to receive first - hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coups d'etat or civil wars .
40% of U.S. millionaires are entertainers .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversible .
The waters of the culinary seas had been calm and consistent for centuries .
Progress had moved slowly like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves showed little change .
However , with the dawn of the twentieth century , a storm brewed .
In an age where time is the scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzying pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
Every morning I listen for the weather forecast and dress accordingly .
TV commercials and TV programs project models of how one should be .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substituted with TV . In America , this growing individualistic society , one no longer sees the relative humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of effort .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Française , that set guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Academie Française , all literature of the Neoclassical period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Muslim and was punished for his homosexual act .
After the Baron is caught bathing with the Muslim , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
He attracts the hypocrisy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
Desegregation reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
This is based on equity theory .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar antonyms but indifference .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
