I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the center of the city which is surrounded by a park .
There is a commercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kinds of businesses : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , grocers , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
Consequently , I realized that although cycling outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed most breathing fresh air and taking pleasure in the countryside .
The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the lake .
Luckily , the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
Leaving my country , Somalia , was very hard for me .
But when I was there , I began to make new friends that I never thought I would have , and I never imagined the way that I was going to know them either . At the beginning , I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
We went to to Acapulco to play , to an event where universities from Mexico go and present cultural activities .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there . That was an incredible experience that I will never forget .
Using public transport can be difficult , because we have a strict time and , normally , we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely uncomfortable .
One argument for not using the car is that petrol is very expensive , but public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantage is not so good , actually .
The story took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by doctors and scientists .
But we should n't forget the pollution cause by cars . We should use a bicycle or public transportation more .
If we are working with someone in the same job who lives near us or is our neighbour , we can go to work in the same car . This way we use less petrol .
The governments are also important for taking care of the environment .
In total , there were 32 people , a white kitten and a dog .
That night , the dog , the kitten , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
When Michael got up in the morning , he realized that his kittten had disappeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
He thought that the dog had eaten the kitten during the night , so he shouted at Tom , opened the door and went away .
For those people who want to start to do the street workout , I advise you to start with basic exercises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
Edison is said to have created the first commercially practical incandescent light .
Edison and his research team made his discovery commercially and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow chest of drawers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
Management accounting practice is very important for an organization for making decisions about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do something such as propaganda to the people in the country . About my village , we use banana leaves instead of nylon , dispose of garbage sensibly ... and so on .
Are you studying mathematics for your exam ?
I 'm a happy , energetic person who likes to work with children .
In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I think had no cure . It was called " The Monsteration Infections " .
Scientists were trying to find a cure for the Monsteration Infections , but they still do n't have it .
I have needed to use English a lot of times during my professional activities . For that reason I took some English lessons many years ago .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
Currently , I 'm working as a teacher at the university and teaching in English is my goal .
I also work as a freelance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my income .
I 'm writing now without using a dictionary and doing this composition without translating from Spanish ( I hope hahaha )
I hope you can help me understand more about how to improve my English level and develop my skills .
Thank you for your attention , and I 'll wait for your advice , ( this is my first time writing over 50 words )
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
Public transport has no future . The crisis in 2008 has reduced oil prices , The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the government give incentives for consumers .
I know that I have not written it but I have a brother .
I like to speak English at school too , but my friends do n't like it when I speak it in school , so I speak Swedish there .
My favourite lessons are the Swedish lessons because I like to write stories .
My family lives in a
How are you ? I am going to describe myself so you will be able to recognize me when we meet at the train station .
If I am right , continue reading this .
I applied to a music club in our city and I was really excited when they replied and asked me to help , because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage works .
What was my job ?
See you around
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate at home , with my family and some friends .
This summer was the best . I went to Cuchilla Alta with my best friends . Their names are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela and Lucía .
I like English because it is very important to know other languages to communicate with other people and if I go to another country it is very important to know English .
We got to work at four in the afternoon and it was very relaxing . I had a day off when I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met handsome guys .
You see , man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefer to travel by tram .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but the construction of seaports and airports must with congenital condition .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythm of the music louder and louder . This gives me high energy each time I go spinning .
To conclude , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there is no doubt that the public transport system would be less inconvenient than travelling by car .
First , the bank notes are considered how to design , including background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then , they are prepared by skilled machinists .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separate bank notes and packed into cars in order to be dispatched all over the city .
I believe that using your car has a lot of advantages or benefits . It is more comfortable and less expensive .
Yoga calms and vitalizes body and mind .
And government , please do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
For beginners in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
May Maybe they are comfortable , terrible , , dangerous or average .
Cars and buses become dangerous and cause problems in the street .
She turned her head and saw him . " He was following me " , she thought . " Well , I should ask him what he is doing here " .
First of all , finishing high school is a rite of passage that indicates the beginning of a new chapter for students .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you gain a lot of knowledge , culture , discoveries and , with all of this , you gain personal experience .
The job provides , like the trip , responsibility and experience .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study at a university .
Besides that , they have different points of view on many subjects , that is why they may not like the fun and the conversation in the social life with other students .
They can not enjoy this chapter with young and fresh thoughts .
It is a big decision , that brings great consequences and great experiences .
As an example , if a student needs to recuperate a subject or has to get a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
They would consider you as an independent person .
Accordingly , you would take responsibility for what you did .
I am overwhelmed with grief , living with them .
Eating habits in my country have really changed in the last ten years .
it 's r is n't clear completely , but I suppose it depends on changing life habits in the development process of our society .
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
However , travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car , but you can never know what might happen with your car , where it might get stuck in traffic or some other accident might happen .
Travel plans need to depend on public transport timetables .
Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hiking .
Tom is studying in London .
Although Canada is an English - speaking country , in Montreal , the official language is French .
So I do not have the opportunity to practise English , because most of my colleagues speak French .
I was inspired by a true legend . His name is Edan Hazard .
That fact behind sense because the maintenance of public transport is not the responsibility of the traveler .
If we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . But public transport is a much needed service in big cities as well as small villages .
I 'm sure you 'll agree that Red Square is the most popular sight in the capital of Russia .
I remember two contrasting moments . One day , we had to create a team to do an exercise which used the brain ; they chose me .
The reasons for stress are more diverse ; perhaps because we have an exam period , family problems or because we think in a negative way , or we have destroyed ourselves through long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfort , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves , because it 's very harmful . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that have happened to you , talk with someone who you trust , get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best friends , and there are a lot of things you can do ...
Remember that stress is not a lasting thing , and you can avoid it .
In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are separated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from getting into the market .
Many people believe that nowadays there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the thought that they do help , for example , with travelling long distances .
The ticket does n't cost too much and it is affordable for the majority of people , at least compared to buying a car .
Secondly , public transport is more efficient for travelling long distance than cars and people would n't have to purchase fuel .
When people need to travel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , which is a form of public transport , to complete the journey because they have to cross oceans and complicated distances that have different landforms .
However , a car is something which belongs to the person and he can do whatever he wants and find it in the same state he left it in , and sometimes public transport vehicles are n't left in the best way .
In addition , you have to share with people you absolutely do n't know and probably wo n't see again .
But , by observing all these people , you can enrich yourself with the different cultures and manners the others have and incorporate new topics .
That was my first time on holiday in another country that was n't northern Italy .
We visited a lot of monuments , museums and churches , like the Louvre with the Mona Lisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
It depends on five main steps , which include design , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and destruction or disposal depending on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinists .
If it 's good , they go to packing and distribution , whereas the others should be destroyed as well .
In conclusion , the whole process is an unreversed schedule .
It cosumemed the power which includes humans and machines .
To begin with is design , we have to consider background colour , artwork , and security issues , and then we are supposed to prepare metal plates , using skilled machinists .
Secondly , printing -- including sheets of bank notes , are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . There are some requirements -- colour on both sides , special ink , slightly raised images .
Finally , if it is a good sheet , the procedure is packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .
If it is a bad sheet , the procedure is disposal -- bad sheets and bank notes should be securely destroyed .
And then he realised it was an enormous lion .
But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum . " Max where are you ? " she screamed . The lion disappeared in one second , running .
Max spent the rest of the day thinking about that lion until he went into his room . " What an amazing day ! " ,
The most difficult area in English I have trouble with is writing .
I have no problems with reading , speaking or listening .
As part of my plan to improve my English skills , I decided to search on the internet for any free program which could help me with the plan to improve my English writing .
Trieste is a little town situated in the north - east of Italy .
So the environmental impact is very attractive .
Another problem is that the citizens of Trieste do n't pay attention to the environmental problems of their city .
I think it is important that , not only in the family , but also in school , we could raise a new generation sensitive to the ecological problems of the earth .
I usually go two days a week but next month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to enter a local competition .
It turned out that that young boy had a good head for fishing and now they always go fishing together .
I like running , riding my bike , playing football , skiing in winter , climbing , etc .
I like football because it is a sport that I have played since I was small and I think that it is the most fun and exciting team sport .
The amount of garbage is increasing at the same time as the number of humans is increasing .
The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to increasing consumption of energy , water and other resources .
Nowadays , our local government is making some decisions to improve the situation .
There are a lot of citizens movement except official activities .
People organise common action for cleaning areas near houses .
These activities take place especially in spring and in autumn .
Everyone is curious about making bank notes .
The bank notes are designed carefully . Workers need to design their background colour and artwork .
Then , the notes will be prepared on metal plates . After that , printing . The notes will be printed in colour on both sides with special ink and they will have slightly raised images .
Good ones will be packaged and distributed . workers will cut them and deal with them carefully .
The rest of them will be disposed of .
I think that Cádiz is the perfect place to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , and mountains .
In Cádiz , in summer , there are a lot of opportunities to work .
I hope I will get my order and I hope you will be more on time for the customer order shipping .
These people can influence our lives . For example , if you have bad friends you become a bad person and you will have problems in your life . So , your education depends on the people around you .
In general , people have the possibility to study in libraries or using computers .
Personally , I think studying on a computer is a better choice .
We need to do something to save the world !
I think they are our first friends and our first confidants .
Think about a family 's routine .
The Brazil and Netherlands games were a real test of our health .
And I think that it 's not technology that will change , but the people and their characters .
Unfortunately , for this generation , there wo n't be real relationships , all relationships will become virtual relationships .
According to my experience , if we do n't exaggerate the way we use technology like the internet , phone , satellite .
For example , now high - heeled shoes are very trendy but they cost a lot and most women do n't look good in them .
Transportation is one of the most essential parts of our day to day life ; whether it is public or private , transport takes the same priority in each person 's life from the very early days .
In the age before industrialisation came into existence , people also used various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
Then the technology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transport more convenient .
Continuing my visit to London , I will visit the largest park in London , Hyde Park , which has a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the preservation of the park .
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to get to Big Ben , which is the most beautiful building in all its splendour , where I will take pictures .
Later , I 'll take the London Underground , which is a public fast transit system . I 'll travel on it .
My favorite band is " cbjr " ; it 's a Brazilian band . The type of music is rock and rap . Their music is very easy to single .
I usually play it with my friends .
We won 1st place and got the cup . If anyone intends to play this game , he should practise hard to be able to play it professionally .
To sum up , I think it is inevitable .
He loved Rose with his entire soul , a soul that he was losing .
Suddenly , he took the agreement and signed the piece of paper with his blood .
Do you know a new recipe for cooking chicken ?
Our town takes care of the environment of our neighbourhood very seriously .
Not only the supermarket has these containers . They are also in the schools of the neighbourhood .
In my opinion , this gives a good example of the involvement of the local government .
The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three things : souvenirs , fashion and food .
Fortunately , visitors will find all of that in the Tourist Information Office and in shops on the outskirts .
So , he is hard - working . He is a lawyer and always helps me with all my professional problems .
However , a few years ago , the government has paid more attention to the environment of our country . For example , they did a lot of advertising on television , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that rubbish is not good for our world .
In the castle there is the Holy Trinity Chapel .
The famous dish of this restaurant is a huge hamburger .
So , train is an intermidiate way to travel .
I am writing to apply for the job in the USA published in an advertisement last Monday .
Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities , private cars are more attractive for most people .
Some people say that a trip by car is more convenient than by public transport , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
In conclusion , for me , it is a lie that public transport has no future . However , they have to make improvements to this , like the use of better types of fuel or energy . One way is using renewable sources of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hydraulic(water),Also , there are biodiesel and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
Dear Anne , Thank for your letter asking about my family and my friends .
When somebody gets home , he wants only to relax in front of the television .
Besides this , TV companies have understood sports provide this relaxing moment , mainly for men .
In this view , I think that though there are lots of sports on television , there are not too many , because people have looke for it .
When the day came , we performed an amazing choreography and we went back home with 3 gold medals .
This American band is known for their lyrics that something different from other bands , something close to an emotional statement .
My teacher said that public transport has no future in our society , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . Nevertheless , I disagree with her opinion because if we use public transport we will pollute less .
Without travelling , people would be very bored , life would be very monotonous .
Nowadays people use cars a lot .
In the past , it was n't like that . People did not have cars . They just relied on public transport .
There are a few people who use public transport , like students and people who have a low income . In my view , I can say the public transport might be going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
He has been done several laws again Spanish citizens .
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
Humans are looking for power and they apply the law of the jungle , the strongest beat the weakest .
What are the criteria of this ranking ? and ...
Chemical drugs can help people to heal and recover from diseases , but they have another hidden effect .
Therefore , The aforementioned information above shows that our future could be worse than our present .
We should live in a stable and peaceful world .
Nowadays , people use their cars to travel for work , for holidays ...... but if the petrol were cheaper , they could travel a lot .
After the preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , they take sheets of bank notes . There are three requirements for this : colour on both sides , special ink and images that are slightly raised .
It smelled terrific , and tasted so good .
It was pancakes and egg with bacon .
After that I played with my brothers out in the garden .
They usually do n't want to be with me , but today we played all day long .
It was such fun and I could n't stop smiling .
He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologised for his attitude .
It will not be trendy because everybody will have his own car .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause a dependence , cartoons and " stupid " programs can harm young people most .
Today , there are many children that have a dependence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various children 's TV programs , while once our parents preferred hanging out with their friends .
Television can be a useful instrument if it is used with caution . Therefore , I recommend using it less to prevent damage to the mind .
In order to help reduce pollution , I take action using the three " Rs " : reduce , reuse and recycle , so I am more and more eco - friendly .
I reduce the use of unnecesary power at home . In other words , I turn on a light that I need while I use it ; I take cooler showers ; I heat only the necessary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all things reusable , for example , a plastic bottle as a plant pot ; a glass bottle as a food container . I take my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a plastic shopping bag if a salesman offers me one .
A car is less expensive , more comfortable , faster and safer .
For example , travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plane is faster .
On the other hand , it helps to reduce the pollution made by cars , ..
The picture illustrate the process of making notes .
Then , preparation of the metal plates and skilled machinists are needed .
If the printed sheets are good quality , they will be packed and distributed . Some partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate or packed or dispatched . The bad sheets will be disposed on . The destruction will be secure .
So it is not always a good thing , unless they are open - minded or have their own methods to punish you in a gentle way that wo n't make you regret telling them your faults or mistakes .
I felt that I could lose consciousness . That 's why I removed the bracelet .
I am glad to hear from you .
I am 24 years old . I am from Lviv Ukraine .
My hobbies are football and gym .
I am studying environmental science .
Now , to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely little town , but there is one place that is special to me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
It is a very quiet place . Because of its location , in the middle of the forest , only a few people know how to get there .
It is an incredible forest , the ground is covered in low grass and there is a little river where you can swim . It is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
That is all I can tell you about this place . I hope that my answer will help you with your project .
What is your last name ?
I say to people that want to try this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you could have health problems . For example , you could have problems with your hands , in your neck and in your legs .
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
The problem for Emily was that her boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
She thought he was so boring , but she did n't want to be alone . she did n't know how to live on her own and Emily was utterly terrified of being alone .
The purpose of this report is to make people more aware of the importance of taking care of the environment in order to eradicate this problem which has serious consequences nowadays .
The council is carrying out a project in order to eradicate rubbish from my town .
Combating the destruction of the environment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
Nowadays , many trees and grassland areas are damaged in many countries , lots of building are constructed .
And people should pay attention to this problem and try to solve it .
For instance , people need too many places to build the modern society , so they cut down lots of trees , burning many grassland areas .
Another factor is that the animals do not control themselves and eat the plants leading to the destruction of the ecosystem .
Although this change makes the life of people efficient , the problem should not be ignored .
It would really be helpful if the government made tighter restrictions . In today 's world , there are lots of construction companies and factories are not admission , they are destroying the forest , farmland and wetland , discharging waste water and emitting greenhouse gas . It leads to a serious environmental problem .
Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work , as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expenses we encounter .
The other benefit of taking public transport is fewer people are taking cars , reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environment .
Karate is one of the best sports I have ever enjoyed in my life . One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's a means of taming the mind and the body .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teases me , and to be alert as well . Also , it helps me to always look slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well . People who want to start doing karate have to be patient .
They should immerse themselves in daily exercise as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active . for instance , it 's advised to eat large amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
My favorite sports are football , basketball , Formula One and Tennis .
For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which means bullet train , is famous and very fast .
" Blue train " , which has many beds on the train and we can sleep comfortably on the train .
Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable compared to planes .
Travelling by train is cheep and getting a ticket is easy for us in our country .
And terrorism is scarce also .
A plane which was travelling from Egypt to Russia was exploded by terrorists last month .
What did you do yesterday ?
I 'm nineteen years old and from this city but living in a dormitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
When I am running , all the pressure I felt is gone .
We have Earth first , then people , than our house .
Earth is our home , we all have to protect it .
But now people are destroying it .
Just for money for more houses , but if we destroy it , we will all die . Our money will be gone , our house will be gone , we will have nothing .
Besides , some people destroy farmland to build houses , but if one day there is no farmland , then what should we eat ? Nothing at that time . We could n't eat anything!So what should we do ?
So my idea is that all the countries and all the people stop using farmland , forests and wetland to build houses , grow more trees , protect our world , our home star !
The lecturer disagrees with the paragraph suggesting that the mentioned test developed by Alan Turing does not answer the main question : Can a computer think ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " , who proposed a challenge to prove that Turing 's test was not conclusive , and that he created a paradox .
He selected people to go into a Chinese room . There was a computer in the Chinese language with different symbols . The Americans showed different behavior . They did not understand what was on the computer screen .
Science , I just remember I have always liked motor racing , but one of my favourites is Formula 1 .
The Formula 1 season starts in early spring and ends in late autumn .
I try to watch every race every fortnight and the training the day before the race .
Ferrari make one of the fastest cars in the world , but this season they are not so fast on the Formula 1 track as they were in the past .
If someone likes cars , then they should go to Formula 1 races to hear the bolid engine sound . I think that is the best sound I have ever heard in my life .
One day , the son of Lucy and her husband went to carve holes in the dirt to make a game , he made five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewel that had belonged to generations of gods . So he started throwing that for fun . One time that he took the jewel , it consumed the mind of the little guy and that made the jewel emit some sounds that only giants could hear , so a mountain stood up that was the face of a giant and he perceived negative vibes , so he killed the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
I hope you enjoy your trip to Seoul till you left our country .
England does n't have anything . You are the worst and most horrible country in the universe .
With reference to the recent advertisement about ' USA CAMP SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position in the camp .
I think I am a suitable candidate for this job , because I like children and I have experience of babysitting . Also , I work very well at making food .
It was presented by a politician , an economist and two environmentalists .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because they could get into trouble with the law , they could cause harm to themselves and others and could have a higher risk of alcohol dependency later in their lives .
This is an interesting question because I believe that my family are my best friends , but at the same time , they are not my friends .
My family are my best friends because they really take care of me when I need them to .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squash , which gives a you flexible and healthy body . At the same time , this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age .
I have practised swimming for 3 years . I am a good swimmer and I have competed in different swimming tournaments .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because he was the best swimmer in the world , and I hope that he returns to the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
My favorite style is the butterfly and I always practise this style because I want to improve .
Although public transport is cheap and more environmentally friendly , it is not as flexible or comfortable as the car .
Except for in the big cities , public transport is not an easy way to get around the city . That means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
In the first step , the bank notes have to be designed considering some , like background color , artwork and security issues . After the design has been prepared , skilled machinists prepare metal plates in the second step .
And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which are cut into individual bank notes and separated into equal ones and packed and despatched to where they are needed .
In today 's class , we were discussing whether or not we agree with the often enormous salaries of football players .
For me , as a passionate soccer player , it is a good point to consider .
I recommend to the clubs , be warned .
By this action a Ronaldo or Messie can be paid and it is possible to buy the best team for the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the moment .
This makes football or soccer ever more exclusive to a certain group of fans - hooligans .
But if the prices are too high , no one will visit the games anymore .
First , I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of different kinds of food . In fact , on my last trip to Japan I learned to cook sushi .
One day , Michael wanted to go out , so he called his best friend and suggested going out together . His friend agreed , so Michael put on his clothes , went out and closed the door , but at that moment he knew he had made a mistake .
When he got back home , it was late and the meeting was canceled .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have travelled all over the world and during this experience , I have seen the necessity of work to finance my journey , so then I have dedicated myself to working on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience of this .
So , in conclusion , I think that if you contract me , you will get an excellent person and an excellent worker .
In my opinion , public transport is more expensive and it is less comfortable than a car , because a car is faster than public transport .
Online Learning
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much paper with you . Also , you 're on your own and at your own learning speed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper .
Negatives about online learning are that you 're not listening to much from a real person and more from a Computer . If pyou do n't have any listening things in the app you do n't learn how to pronounce the words . In my personal opinion , its better to learn from a teacher not only because you learn to pronounce the words correctly , but you also learn from a person , which is , in my opinion , way better . I think we spend enough time on smartphones , so I do n't think it 's the best if we use them to learn as well .
For words , I think it 's perfect , but all the grammar and talking , I think you need a teacher .
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example , after school .
Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building houses , which accour for some debate .
Apparently , it is a good thing , because it is a significant symbol of the development of a country ; however , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of problems .
In a word , the government should appeal to people in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only focus on personal profit .
It happened to me once and was very uncomfortable .
Another very common risk is falling on the court , which can cause dangerous scratches .
It is very nice that you remember me .
All this started in July .
I needed money which I could spend during my study semester .
I know that you are like me .
Best wishes your bro Bartek !
In later times , society felt the need for change because of iniquities that were committed in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building was abandoned because the government and country did n't have money for construction , to the point that the building 's metal structure was used for weapons .
They even asked me who I wanted to go with . They grabbed my hands , wanted me to go with them , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't make a choice . My father and my mother saw me crying and decided not to keep going , and they said sorry to each other and me .
Nowadays , I usually go back to the swimming pool at the weekends .
" So many friends learned to swim .
Then , the metal plates are prepared by skilled machinists .
The next is called partially damaged sheets , and bank notes are separated into good and bad . Good sheets will be cut into separate bank notes and packed ; the bad ones will be destroyed by fire .
This is the method of making bank notes , and the operator should pay attention to the printed sheets and how to inspect them .
The most important step is the inspection by hand . That is to say , they should be separated into good ones , which are to be cut into bank notes and delivered to the banks , and the bad ones , which ca n't be utilised and are burnt securely in the last stage .
Actually , I realize that business is not for the major , everybody knows Tec is very demanding and if you want to be there , you must work hard .
I dream of being a Business Administrator when I 'm older . First , I want to work for a sports company like UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
Aisha is in her thirties .
She 's from Morocco , so she has Arabian features . For example , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and big black expressive eyes .
Moreover , it is more appropriate to start constructing roads which are convenient for the majority .
First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you feel excited and entertained . Besides that , football has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the best and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
The company responsible for rubbish collection collects the garbage , already separated by the families , and afterwards does the recycling .
As well as the informative sessions about the environment organized by the Mayor for all of the residents , it also has lots of staff that clean the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
My favourite sport is football . I love it so much . When I was young , I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that , and after that , we played on a football pitch like in real football . I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is the best player in the world . A few people have told me that Messi is the best player , but I feel angry when I hear that , because that is not true . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day . It 's like a dream for me .
last night we went to the swimming pool . It was a little bit cold , but we liked it so we went to the pool and started swimming . I know how to swim very well , but she does n't , she has to have a support otherwise she ca n't swim .
If you want to visit me , you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participate .
To answer your question , I can not attend the party because I do not like those kinds of parties , but I wish you good luck ! Almos
Indeed , all the indicators show that human behavior will not change , at least in the coming decades .
The way of living changes every day : if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' lives , we notice many differences .
Above all , they talked more . We live in the era of telecommunication and no one could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
Moreover , also , simple things have changed . For example , the food we eat . Some time ago , everything was natural , healthy ... but now everyone always eats " junk food " and things like that , which are completely unhealthy !
About food , I imagine a future society in which restaurants wo n't exist . People will eat only junk food and food which has been prepared before , food in tins ... so all unhealthy things , which will cause many problems .
But phobias are fears which we experience that are life - threatening and they can disrupt everyday life , but people can get over them with the right sort of therapy .
So if we want to live a life which is n't controlled by our fears , we must try to be more objective and pay more attention to real dangers .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She went to her parents ' house because they sent her an email that said that her father was okay after the operation .
tube and train , but is there a future for them or not ? I am going to answer this question by discussing disadvantages and advantages and , finally , I will give my personal opinion .
Secondly , public transport is more ecological and less polluting for the environment , because it produces less polluting emissions , and many public vehicles use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than ever before . Cities contain more automobiles and the pollution is worse .We need to change our way of thinking , and try to use public transport as an alternative to improve the environment of our cities .
Some buses have special and preferential seats for old people .
Many cars pollute the planet and people are allergic to the pollution .
The train does n't cause pollution .
will be more healthy .
I suppose their lifestyle is intolerable , resteless and I really sympathise with them . The majority of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of a lack of private life and perpetual attention .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities but , through thick and thin , they go on .They achieve the goals made exceptionally for the sake of money and vanity .
In itself , the film did n't have an special topic , but I can describe it as a friends film , as there is a lot of laughs , jokes , and it shows that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
The public transport most used in Toluca is the bus because it is the cheapest , but it is very bad and unsafe . The quality of it is very bad ; the buses are old and obsolete , they have broken windows and old broken seats .
The service is very bad . The drivers are very angry and stressed out so they do not drive with caution . In Toluca there are reports of high numbers of accidents involving buses .
I think if the government do the best work about the transport , they can save it .
It is true a car is more comfortable , but it uses a lot of mineral resources like petrol which can pollute the atmosphere .
I do n't think public transport does not have a future . There are a lot of people who can not buy a car and they have to use community transport .
The Internet is a useful tool for everyone , so we are communicating with distant friends , and we look for important information when we are studying or entertaining ourselves .
First of all , I am going to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of this topic .
The first advantage is that the Internet is very fast . For example , when you want information about something .
The second advantage is that the Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Facebook ... You can speak with your quick friend , or you can meet with them on the website . Therefore , you do not call them on the telephone , because the internet is very cheap .
As for disadvantages , at present , children are always playing with their computer games and mobile phones .
To sum up , the Internet is the most important advance in the world , but there are a lot disadvantages and advantages .
From my point of view , the Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse it , and should carry out other activities .
Recently I have had a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me to have an IELTS score of 6.5 for the visa .
In particular , some people do n't have a car and some elderly people find it difficult to drive a car by themselves , so public transport helps them a lot .
That is why I think public transport is really important for the public and there are a lot of important things that will be possible in the future .
And maybe you will become a famous player or an ordinary player , but you will feel like a famous one .
I think the sheep should be transferred to a place where there is specialisation in animals with the same condition .
We become not only older , but also wiser . We learn , but the most useful thing to learn is to get a lot of experiences and , for sure , to make mistakes . But we have to be honest with ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
Becsuse it is turning red !
As you know , my grandmother currently lives in France with my cousin John . Unfortunately , he has to do a three - month course outside of the country . John needs to leave France next weekend , but it is not possible . I have to go and look after her because none of my family can spend three months over there .
Nowadays , technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful .
We as humans living in these days , rely on technology . Every aspect of our lives is supported by technology .
One example is television . In the past , we used it only for watching the news and movies , but as time goes by and the technology develops , now television has other functions .
Second , these days , television has become modern and that means television can be connected with the internet .
In conclusion , television can entertain and also educate , because television programs do it in an interesting way .
Football is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , but I 'm a girl and sometimes I realize that I know more than some males .
I have received your letter .
I agree with the statement that Mark Twain is the greatest American writer .
When I read his poem " The Adventures of Tom Sawyer " I was excited .
I usually go to the seaside on Sunday morning .
Firstly , they design the bank notes ' background colour , its artwork and security issues .
Then the sheets of bank notes are printed . Printing colour on both sides and use special ink and the images are slightly raised .
Finally , they find good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheets or bad sheets .
At the same time , bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
The other reason for my opinion is that almost all people prefer using the eyes and ears to other people , rather than write and listen to understand new things .
That 's why I think that it 's a good moment to see things in a new way and that can be a very good opportunity .
Definitely , it does not always depend on the kind of programme , but I think that nowadays , a lot of television offers help for people to develop more effectively .
I am communicating with you with the purpose of letting you know that we are going to set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discussing how we could use social media to improve the communication with our suppliers . I think a great time for the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
The purpose of this letter is to notify you about some complaints that some citizens have . This is related to why only boys have to be in the draft for military service , and girls do not have to .
However , I just go to the restaurant on special occasions , such as my birthday or when I pass an exam .
First of all , we should think of a design and decide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw away the rubbish in different containers .
While I struggled to walk .
Finally , I saw a light appear and I woke up .
We will have people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but we also have other people that use television for research .
For example , the channel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of information about animals and how they live .
Nowadays , everybody has the ability to buy a television , so the numbers of TV viewers is going up ; even if you are poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
Also , I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is a sunny day .
I ca n't pronounce well .
The home was on the shore . There was a tunnel and it 's hole was in the deep . At first he used to be polite and obey the other orders .
Once a day , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Although Michael was bigger , Sarah could control him . Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore , but Michael was afraid . He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepted the challenge . Sarah told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
Our city is quite clean and habitable ; people are more careful than before .
Generally , we use a cricket ground which has an oval shape .
I tend to ride my bicycle from home to work , I have n't used my car or buses for a long time , because it is not healthy and costs a lot .
A bicycle is for me the best way we can be fit and in a good condition and also create less pollution without cars .
I switch on the home heating for a temporary period . When I am working from home , I use more energy to warm my home .
We learn to really segregate waste and , in the future , how we could , for example , use the same glass a second time .
Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases , not private , but public , and we ca n't say that this kind of transport will not be useful .
As we are fully dependant on individual generators , these are causing multiple problems with the weather due to their smoke , oil and gas left behind , in addition to noise , of course , because they are the main source of the 18 continuous hours of noise .
People , especially generator owners , have started using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid of as much as they can of the pollution .
Other residential areas , using their potential to maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , have numerous green spaces .
Also , recycling the trushes is a very intelligent way to keep the town clean and get multiple uses out of the products in industry lines .
on the other hand , the eldest people in our city have many social responsibilities and are encouraging the youngest people to participate in the annual gardening festival for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
I like the Indian restaurants in the city . In addition , the infrastructure and roads are well organised .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
Another environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by taking care of them . For that we have a care centre and , other additional institutions . We also make environmental protection centers where people can visit and learn about this . To sum up , our village is very focussed on taking care of the natural world that surrounds us .
If you want to have fun , you can go to Parque de la Costa . There are many interesting rollercoasters .
Nowadays , in school , we learn a lot of subjects which we use more or less in our lives . Some of them are really important , but some of them are just a waste of time .
When Freddy began to sing , the kids screamed and they sang with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song . Bonny played the drums and Chica served the pizza to the children , This year the establishment closed because they found the body of a dead child .
I think it will be changed to become a bubile city and contain more high buildings .
If you have a car , you probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who do n't have a car , so they are used to going by bus and , for them , this way of travelling has become more convenient , because they have done it since they were children .
She has twenty - seven maid of honor dresses . Meanwhile , she falls in love with a boy who is very handsome , but he works for a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city . He is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
This story develops a mixture of themes such as courage , family values , friendship and love .
In conclusion , if you want to have a good time , you should go to the cinema to see this film with your family , because it is an interesting and emotional film .
Transport pollution is one of the most dangerous .
On the one hand , that quantity of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's a personal right to have one or not .
Also , another improving measure might be increasing green areas in cities and towns .
Factories damage nearby areas and water extremely badly .
In my opinion , firstly , new buildings on the banks must be forbidden at all .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negative way . Most people around the world can see any news live . Media is more helpful for people . Television is also used as a study resource , for example for smart classes ,
Suddenly , an old carrying a heavy load hit him and fell down .
I suggest everybody should have the same evening walk . You just need a pair of comfortable shoes !
Travelling privately makes one free of issues like harassment .
I like a lot of activities , such as travelling , reading , playing soccer and watching movies .
Besides , public transport will reduce traffic jams .
Finally , the kind of life that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of life , but this will be only to make more money and consume more and more . Also , things will be faster of waste to make people change their possessions more often and stimulate consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon of farmland , forest and wetland disappearing because of some long - term human activities , for instance housing and transport networks are built , destroying the balance of the environment .
Firstly , it is clear that more houses and transport networks are convenient for our people . What is known to us is that the population growth is a big problem which creates a need for more space for living in .
And building more transport networks is also a benefit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can shorten the time spent on traveling , while the animals may not welcome it .
She was very shy , sensitive and embarrassed .
She moved to Kyiv , graduated from university , and started to work .
Although she tried to hide , she became a great and famous model .
It would be interesting to accompany your best friend or your beloved to enjoy your time .
The investigations were concentrated above all on the construction site of Mapello .
There are many educational programmes which we can get benefits from .
Nowadays , pollution is a problem that we have to solve before it gets worse .
As we can see , modernization is causing damage to rivers and seas .
While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and then we will travel around my country and we will become good workers .
I was really comfortable in my bed and I could n't believe that someone had interrupted my calm .
I closed the door hoping never to have to open it again , then I went to the bathroom and took a relaxing shower .
I practised dance a long time ago , but with age , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
If I could give advice to new practitioners of Pilates , it would be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a good teacher .
The lack of sleep often makes me unable to concentrate in class .
And just as I was becoming a professional football player , my right knee was injured .
I like that phrase because the boy was happy because he got to
He is , for me and many people , an excellent actor because his personality is extroverted .
Thank you very much , Joe , for thinking of me to be your witness . I feel very proud that you thought of me to be your witness and , of course , I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excited about your wedding .
Your muscles will be hard .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want . It is a very good game . I think that it is the best " shooter " and that " Arctic Combat " is good too .
Today is the big day , the day of his presentation about acid rain and its consequences on the environment .
Feel the drama and realism of the best known event in Easter , played for nine years by the inhabitants , " The Passion of Christ " .
Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum , where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , in addition to tasting its exquisite oil .
The first time , it 's difficult , like any other sport , because you do n't know and you have to improve by yourself , but if you like it , you will find it fascinating .
It is true that in summer we have to be careful about with te hours are too hot and we should avoid running .
I am happy to say that I have only positive points to present due to how welcome I feel when I arrive at the reception .
Because of that , sometimes I feel free to ask them what I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I can just let them do the task I asked them without keeping on watching them .
I like cooking very much and I think that there are some activities that we could do in the kitchen , like baking cookies or making fresh bread .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen , but to your surprise , it always turns out to be something unexpected .
Despite the fact that there is n't any Hollywood star , all the characters are played very believably and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .
My favourite place is the beach that is near , just about 20 miles away from my flat .
In toward to the modernization of life and technology , people believe in different perspectives of their way of life , but the majority of ones are totally utopian .
Actually , we have a lot of problems with traffic : lots of carriages on the railway and they are n't running ; the number of cars in the street causes pollution ; crowded railways cause a late arrival .
We discover , in this context , special diseases caused by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , lack of safety , and so on .
If public transport were of higher quality , faster and with lower fares , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport ; moreover , the time spent to go and come back would be reduced , because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
In the morning , we went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphins , cats , horses and many other animals . In the afternoon , we went on the roller coaster . I screamed at the top of my voice and called for help . Actually , I hate riding on roller coasters . We played mind train , punch , and a lot of other games . At the end of the day I was running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
It has both advantages and disadvantages .
But why did I write this article about someone who seems to be a simple guitarist . The reason is just one : the life of this man who one day just disappeared from the fans ' sight .
On April 2014 he was unable to give a performance .
On September 2014 , a note was released and published on AC / DC 's web page . The note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
We are not alone . We live with people who are family for us .
Television and other things invented by technology are part of our lives .
I think every family has got a television in their own home and , for example , I have 4 televisions in mine .
There are a lot of interesting TV programs where we can learn something and there are also intriguing television programs .
It is not the best thing for our eyesight and our health .
In general , I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and TV and other similar things are responsible for our problems with health and eyesight .
Laura , Adriana and me ( María ) love being a little bit cheeky , in a good way .
I remember , because we won .
But when I understood how much happiness this game gives me , I started more running and training .
not believe in yourself .
I would like to inform about correction of my family name in the result sheet .
Could you please correct my family name .
Sport is very important for our bodies . It has many benefits to improve ourselves and give us self - confidence , so we should practise any sport we love because it can change our minds for the better .
About me . I like playing volleyball and I enjoy this sport when I play it because of its being useful for my body .
In Poland we have a lot of interesting places to visit .
Poland is an amazing and interesting country .
If you have working in Poland , the best way is job on holiday .
Every month , Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their customers , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more , for complete information you can check on the website or call the restaurant .
I hope it will help you .
Michel arrived home earlier that day , and when he opened his door , he saw
That can be annoying .
This is good , because sales never went down .
I think my town really takes care of the environment , because there are a lot of parks in this town and they are very clean .
I think almost everyone loves parks , because a lot of people go to the park and have lunch , picnic , do exercise , nap etc .
There are many sports grounds , for example , tennis courts , football pitches and play equipment for children , so I think my town takes care of the environment . That means everyone will be able to the in be best condition in both mind and body a for long time .
Generally , sports are growing our minds continuously .
My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I remember watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out loud with my brother .
My favourite character is Joey , who is a silly , innocent man .
One of the main advantages of family is the recognition you are given at a specific age . Children require special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family . For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society .
Moreover , families play an essential part in protecting their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflects on their performance toward country , leading to effective , creative and useful civilians .
The last film I watched was " The Others " . It is a horror / suspense movie . I was really scared .
and the mother thinks she is lying . But after a while , she believes her and starts searching for the intruders .
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
The companies who produce products with harmful ingredients are very powerful , so that this suggestion is very hard to enforce .
But one day , two guys with quad bikes saw something wrong , and they sad " what 's that ? " . They saw a dead body . They were scared and ran to their camp .
The other friends called the police .
After two days , the police saw somebody at the crime scene . The policeman asked them what they were doing there . He was scared and puzzled .
The policeman was sham feom the gues and he apologised .
television serves the dual purposes of entertaining and educating people . In order to cope with the competitive world and get recognized in the corporate world , one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
Also , I have not had an invitation to an interview yet .
The problem is that I am from Poland and I could be in Great Britain from 22 to 25 February .
Well , I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engineering sustainable development .
Nowadays , public transport is hardly necessary to our life .
Consequently , gorvernment has started to support and take care of public transport .
How can we revive public transport ?
They wear black and white clothing like the decoration of the establishment .
Luckily the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
Nowadays , there is very little public transport . The general public prefer much faster and more convenient ways of traveling around . Though public transport is used in major cities to avoid traffic congestion , it is widely recognized that public transport is eco - friendly .
Many people say that public transport is not comfortable . That 's true . From my point of view , a bus is not so uncomfortable .
Public transport is also used by children like me who want to go to school , high school or to university .
Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some slight disadvantages . It 's also very useful for some people .
In my opinion , public transport should n't disappear .
I would feel more energetic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight - scheduled work . I came across your advertisement for this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect , because I have a friendly rapport with people around me . I would be pleased to receive your positive reply .
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules for the environment , so ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminated and pollution has increased in my town .
The recycling of plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by the population of the biggest neighborhoods in my town is a way to improve the environment .
The plot of this film is about a 25-year - old naive woman who was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out clubbing and met a crazy guy who involved her in a seedy drug smuggling racket with a Korean criminal gang that forced her to be a drugs mule .
People are getting used to driving their own cars ; it provides more comfort , and is more practical .
The government are opposed to investing in public infrastructure , because the benefits are lower every year .
I think public transport is better for the environment because going by public transport reduces the CO2 emissions and removes traffic from the streets .
It is a true statement about cars . Travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new technologies apply to the
People should eat less fast food and do regular exercise to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
For example , India has a high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embarrassment about being Indian .
Nowadays , the internet represents the whole of the knowledge that people have collected over the centuries .
Nowadays , public transportation is available almost all around the planet . We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century , but due to globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in continuous transformation .
On the other hand we must mention how the plane sector has been growing . Currently it is the most common mode of transport for going away and that also means that shipping manufacture has decreased deeply , in order to let the plane market boom .
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choices like cars , motorbikes , buses , trains , but also , as we were saying , planes .
According to the information donne , the most used mode of transport is the car as most families have one , but public transportation is getting more and more common for those who want to preserve the planet and develop other alternatives more respectful of the planet .
In conclusion , we are seeing a new tend in transport . Increasingly , they are faster and more developed , with the latest technology included , but in contrast , we find also a contradiction , as we found another trend for traditional transport which avoids pollution in order to respect the Earth .
I agree that commuting by car is easier and faster than most public transportation . However , there are serious problems that come from it . The number of vehicles on the roads keeps increasing and causes congestion and pollution , which are far more severe than the inconvenience caused by public transportation .
Thus , I think the future of public transportation will be more prosperous .
Later , if you want , we could find a job for three months . In my opinion , a good job for three months could be as a waiter , because waiters get a lot of money in the three months of the summer .
I started my hobby when I was a child .
Maintaining cars is expensive .
He jumped out of bed and had a quick shower . There was no time for breakfast so he decided to buy something to eat near the office .
In spite of that , he was dressed on time .
According to the results of a questionnaire ( Houston inhabitants ) most of them play basketball to forget homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
Furthermore , they give advice to all those novices at basketball " do n't ever lose the passion " , because if they give up , they wo n't play with the biggest players in the world .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnaire consists of what the people think about the king sport of the United States of America .
I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdoors , immersed in nature .
I fell relaxed being alone near mountains and snow .
Then there are some requirements for printing sheets : color on both sides , special ink and images slightly raised .
The most essential and key process is manual inspection of printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets and bad sheets .
The acceptable and not damaged severely sheets are supposed to be packaged and distributed , which means they will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
He had a lot of animals : two dogs and three puppies , four horses , eight ducks and one cat , Lionel .
Lionel was a black and white cat , and he was a very funny , fast and sweet animal .
When I was a little girl I used to play volleyball and I really liked that .
One day , I had a surprise . I met a teacher and he invited me to train in a huge gym in a team .
Suddenly something happened . I needed to work to play my studies in high school , so life changes anyway . I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I needed to study at that time . It was more important to me .
Today I do not play volleyball anymore , but I really enjoy dancing . Now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .
The hugest gap is in 1981 , when the cheapest price was combined with the highest expenditure on cigarette packs in the whole interval .
In approximately 1998 we can notice an equilibrium price at $ 2.75 and an equilibrium quantity at 23 billion packs .
Firstly , I 'd like to talk about jobs . I think that these are the most important thing to worry about . If our studies get better , we will create more jobs and as a result the economic situation of the country will be better .
Moreover , our capacity for learning more languages seems to be really adequate . Unfortunately , while there are a lot of teenagers that are working really hard , there are others that are all the opposite .
I think it is probable that in some years the technology could have improved quite a lot , and this is a very powerful advantage for us , the young people .
Because we were born in ' the internet generation ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .
In conclusion , I 've got to say that now we do n't have to worry about the future , we just have to carry on in the present and do the best we can .
The flowchart provides an overview of the steps for making bank notes . It shows how bank notes are manufactured from design to a thing we can use .
My height is about 5.2 , my hair color is dark brown , my eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and a long shirt . I will be arriving at 20 past 3 .
It was slow .
This makes the
I have to say that studying another language gives you more opportunities , because these days you need to know other languages to find a job and be more intelligent than your colleagues to get the work and that 's great .
I have recently bought an electric car as a substitute for my traditional car .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
After waiting for an hour , the time came and , bravely , with a high confidence level , he walked into the office .
Please , write me a list with the words that I need for technical conversation .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you go to and from a specific place , but on a bus , you go to the bus stop and not to your house or school , work ...
I 'm studying medicine . This major is very challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there is a lot of information .
Even though there are lots of different possibilities and scholarships , not everybody can afford them .
I am 14 years old .
I do n't have a favourite subject , but l like English because we can communicate all over the world .
The names of my best friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela . We are strange friends . We are in 6º together and that 's when we became friends .
I am applying for the vacancy in the summer camp .
Morocco is a kingdom , like Spain and England . We have a king and princes .
we went to the Trocadero .
But the best was the Guards of Bukingham Palace .
We travelled to London by plane , but to come back we travelled by car and boat .
People contribution is very important in this matter .
Firstly , hybrid cars are only allowed to be used during weekends . As a result of this , most people do not use their cars all week .
This attitude has reduced the enormous amount of smoke pollution from exhaust pipes .
Many factories are following the regulations and not draining the harmful waste into the water .
In addition to that , recyclable waste is sold and the money is given to the relevant person .
Town council not only encourage people to plant trees or gardens , it subsidises their green improvements .
In summary , people take many initiatives and are moving forward to have a safe and attractive environment and surroundings .
This is an international sport because in all parts of world there are people that they play it .
Football is a famous sport . You can watch it on TV or you can see it live . There are a lot of level categories , the most famous category is the first .
People that play in this category are famous although you can see them on TV . If you want to be a big football player , you must practise more time and your life should be healthy .
This sport is the best in the world and the most famous and I think that it is the most enjoyed .
The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an English seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 . They are , respectively , an ice - cream van and an indoor public swimming pool .
In the case of the ice - cream van , it sold most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reaching 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .
In the case of the indoor swimming pool , its sales did n't have large changes , it usually sold about 2000 - 3000 dollars ' worth in each season .
It usually sold most in Apr - Jun and Oct - Dec and slid to the bottom in Jul - Sep .
Unbearable traffic jams and no parking areas would be the main problems .
Finally , governments and society are concerned about the environment and I think that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emissions .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
Oh ! My brother , David , is going to get married ! Surprise !
The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad sheets and notes are disposed of .
Thirdly , they print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 banks notes per sheet ) with special ink , where colour is considered on both sides and images will be slightly raised on the bank notes .
It is an Egyptian movie starring Khalen Aboelnaga and some young actors . The action of this film takes place in Alexandria , a city in Egypt , and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they do n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution . I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they do n't find time for other activities , and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love .
In the big cities , they have begun to build green buildings , they use electric public transport in order not to pollute .
The day after , we went to a perfumery and I bought a present for my mum .
Nowadays , young people are influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different color clothes . They do n't want to wear our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They only like to wear shirts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television .
Using private vehicles is more convenient for them than using public transport .
On the other hand , public transport does n't pollute , but the car pollutes , so , for us , travelling by car is better than travelling by public transport , but for the atmosphere , it is better to travel by public transport than to travel by car .
Also , TV , radio , the internet , big companies have advertisements about helping the planet .
To turn to , already people cook organic food with more natural products without chemicals .
Technology is advancing very fast , in the best way . This is good for us because we will do a lot of things .
As a result of that , we will have a better life , more healthy and clean in the coming years .
In 1810 , there was a war for independence in Mexico and many people fought with other people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is considered " The father of independence " and he fought with the Spanish monarchy .
I am an Arsenal fc fan .
I have been an Arsenal fan since 1999 .
Buying cheap footballers has wrecked the Arsenal team several times because of the lack of experience of the cheap players .
People from different cultures play in the same club .
Not all of Russia is always under snow .
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
This sport is an individual sport , so you win alone and do n't beat a team , but if you play tournaments in pairs the one who wins is the team .
This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy it is n't very famous , because in Italy soccer is more famous than tennis .
But I know that a lot of young people play tennis . I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years ' time , then you wo n't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
I saw your advertisement in a newspaper .
I have also been a member of the association of tourism and ecology since I was 10 years old .
I have worked for a few different companies and associations in the past .
Usually I was a volunteer , but I was also part of a few European Projects where I was paid for my work .
My best leisure time activity would be hanging out with my friends .
l like to go to the beach with my friend or alone often .
I enjoy watching people and children having fun .
l like the cool breeze from the ocean while I 'm walking along the shore and listening to my favorite music .
I really think that we should go to that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .
But we could also try the climbing , but it would be better if we could climb outside , in the countryside .
Email me soon and let me know how you are getting on next holidays .
I think that public transport is much better for the environment than private transport .
So I do not agree with this affirmation . In my opinion , travelling by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than using public transport .
The menu is very well constructed , and the food is based on local products .
This problem is that some apparatus are broken and the paint is bad .
For me , the solutions to these problems are easy .
With the first problem , you should organise the timetable in order to have one class at a time .
And the solution to the second problem is that you should do maintenance once a year .
I look forward to your positive answer .
I am excited about the idea of being with and interviewing other students from different parts of the world .
You do n't need a lot of equipment , so you do n't have to buy a lot .
I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging , but a little bit slower .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficient clues to identify the guilty party .
I prefer walking , because the bus , helicopter , and metro are very polluting .
The pollution is the first problem with public transport
While I was ringing the bell , the neighbour 's dog started to bark .
It was like it was waiting for a terrifying event .
Nobody opened .
When Michael saw me , he opened the door , but straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake .
Saying that , the music that they like is pop music and reggaeton as they can dance together .
Also , the television programmes that they watch are reality shows .
In addition , regarding clothes , young people wear a dress , skirt or jeans .
We were going to Gdańsk to see the new stadium that was built for the UEFA European Championship .
In the car park in front of this building a very nice and crazy old man helped us and charged the accumulator in our car .
This report shows the sorts of shops which are located in Moral de Calatrava .
It is thought that Chinese shops are the cheapest by far .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop where you can find a lot of by fashionable Italian and Spanish designers .
If you need something for a special event like a wedding , you can go to three shops which are specialised in that .
Because of different cultural backgrounds , the speaking styles of international students who come from different countries are different .
Do you have any different eating customs ?
So . I need more information about eating customs in different countries .
In Korea , we usually use chopsticks when we eat meals and spoons as well .
So , I have to learn to use chopsticks to eat .
We think it 's important to respect meal manners .
All thanks to new technologies , innovation in the field of medicine and new scientific discoveries .
To my mind , our lives have been improved in these years by smartphones , satnav , digital TV , the Internet ..
First of all , in the next 50 years people 's lives wo n't resemble at all this .
Apart from that , I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that take me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robots instead of waiters in a restaurant .
I can not agree with the statement that there is " no future for public transport " given that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
First of all , public transport is rather more convenient than a private car .
Despite this , the restaurant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hung up on the walls .
On our earth , hundreds of millions of people live .
A great number of buildings stand on the land ,
even though the place probably should belong to animals .
However , we forget the one important thing : the earth belongs to all life .
Our flats and houses make the other animals lose their homes , and it leads to environmental deterioration .
We make the transport easy . However , we take away other animal s ' lives through carelessness .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM IS BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUDY MEDICINE IN RUSSIA . HE LIVED THERE FOR 7 YEARS .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LANGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OURS .
NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL . HE HAS A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY .
When he was 21 years old , his father told him something about his family 's secret .
Just enjoy your life day by day , and be thankful for an ordinary day . "
It is large , clean and comfortable and has air conditioning and internet wifi .
It offers many kinds of delicious foods , like meat , chicken , seafood , and if you want something different , you will find it there . It is suitable for my class because it is different from any other restaurant .
These days , computers are multifunctional .
I am writing to you about the advertisement in the Mirror daily newspaper .
I can speak several languages , like Spanish , English and Russian .
I am available to start to work immediately .
Your faithfully .
I recommend this sport to everyone , because it could be , as it is for me , a moment to distract you from the world , a moment to spend without thinking about tomorrow .
Secondly , other factors have an impact on the behaviour of older children like teenagers , it is not only their parents but other people , who surround them .
It is a time when children must choose which people are good or bad , and which way they will go in a difficult situation . For example , will they drink alcohol or will they have fun without any stimulants ?
Working as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything , it is like a challenge , although you can do different things . You can be on duty in your house and deal with your boss by cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if your children bother you .
It is a little stressful when you have a lot of work . I hope when I have my job I will be in charge of IT department security .
I would like to tell you about this experience and how much I enjoyed working in there .
I was responsible for selling the movie tickets and having a good time .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake because he lost his house .
He mostly played in the number 10 even though he also played in numbers 80 and 45 .
Nowadays our world is fighting every day against different problems . One day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmospheric conditions , or many other problems .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , such as electricity generated by the light of the sun 's rays .
Or in addition , we could use the energy generated by the environment , such as the wind or inorganic waste .
The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was kept in a museum in Conecticut where she is visited by a priest who blesses her twice a month .
John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife : a beautiful doll dressed in a wedding dress .
Unfortunatelly , in a horrible night , the couple 's house is invaded by a Satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
The Satanists invoked an evil entity that is capable of the worst things ... Annabelle .
After Mia gives birth to her daughter Lilly , Annabelel wants to kill her .
Even the priest doesn ' t know how to help the unhappy familly .
Everyone is terrified and finds out that a demon is attached to the doll .
The gym has many problems that we are going to describe :
The first problem is that we do n't have enough apparatus for all of the students .
The second problem is about that some apparatus are not working well because the school hasn't done maintenance a since long time ago .
For the first problem , in my opinion , the school should buy some other apparatus , because there are not enough for all of the students ,
I hope my proposal will be useful to you .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which is published by the WATC ; the " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have a collaboration with Environment and Development , a magazine which is published by the Center for development work " Maan " , and other websites and news and media organizations .
First of all , at home we recycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank , I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
This has some advantages , such as it being more comfortable and faster .
On the other hand , private transport is damaging for the planet and we must take care of the planet . We can help to prevent the pollution of the environment if we take public transport , which does n't pollute .
At the moment , there is more than one car per person . That is a problem for me because people do n't take care the of environment .
I am planning to visit his company .
Life is unpredictable and unforeseen .
But insurance is also a necessity and indispensable for peace of mind . It gives us surety to live life securely .
It gives competition to national companies . By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders . People can always buy a nominal premium we should inform them about the types of insurance as well as the benefits of insurance .
It 's a very moving book , but it is n't difficult . I think it 's for teenagers , but it is also good for adults .
All over the world , people always need advice to keep looking after their environments . First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean . Second , they should run awareness campaigns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helps workers to recycle it easily . Finally , to stay healthy , we need a healthy environment .
suddenly , a krav maga class started in a gym close to my house .
Diabetes is an increase of glucose in the blood , There are two types , first Diabetes Type 1 which is present in children , the patient needs insulin every day . Also , this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulin released by the person 's immune system .
Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults ; the insulin is generated but it does not work in the body , so the amounts of glucose are stored in the body .
So it is necessary to eat vegetables and fruit and also to do exercise .
At the weekend he usually plays football or basketball and this year he is learning how to rock climb .
After the exams finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week since I had watched them due to the exam week .
I was so angry , because I was finishing the puzzle and five pieces were missing . So I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find them .
It was destroyed by a volcanic eruption in 75 BC .
Vesuvius - this is the volcano 's name - covered it with a lot of ash so that walls , houses , food , clothes , bodies of citizens were preserved as they were .
In addition , it is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei 's citizens .
There is a unique atmosphere !
So , I think the government should have to draw up a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban areas and countryside .
Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of electrical engineering .
I am in the third year at university , I do n't know what the Master 's will be that I am going to do , but I want a Master 's related to programming .
I want to write a review of my book about Nigeria and read another book about robots and their mechanisms .
In the first place , I think that you must look on the internet . You will see different cities of this country and you can choose the best .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because they are the most attractive .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He had forgotten to go to his English classes .
But he did not realise something . His little brother was watching him through the window .
I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life , because not all people have the possibility to buy a car , and because public transport is less expensive than a car . So for that reason , public transport in the future could exist , because public transport is a necessity all over the world , not only because of money , but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
I do n't know is n't an answer .
After an hour , the dog was vaccinated and taken home , but his mother needed a bottle of milk .
First , I want to introduce myself .
I am a young woman with a melancholy character .
I love writing but I am not confident about my grammar .
I have no idea after this sentence .
Therefore , public transportation is the future and more and more people will be using the metro , public buses etc .
Working in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about business , management , economics , sales , engineering , technical support and other skills .
You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaction . However , it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work .
I started to play it when I was twelve years old and these days I still love this sport .
At some point , you wish it was all an illusion . You need a time machine that makes it possible to go back in time to when you could see the purity of life ..
I have personally picked up information I would not have come across otherwise . For example , I have been able to learn that the new BMW seven series , has ambient lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving .
Those are the main reasons that could make public transport disappear .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children to do physical activity . That is the first step to doing exercise , then competing in sports will encourage competitors to make an extra effort .
In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of competing , because competitors are trying to win and this can frustrates .
Finally , I think that competing in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when it is controlled there are some benefits that help you in your whole life .
Second is to prepare metal plates using qualified machinists .
If the sheet is good or partially damaged , it can be packed and delivered by vehicles after being cut into separate notes .
I advise people to start this sport , because it is complete and makes your mind and body feel very good .
When I was fourteen years old , I won a championship because , in that period , I swam as a competitive athlete .
It was a real satisfaction and I was happy .
Michael is a 22-year - old man , he has studied for a degree in electrical engineering and now he wants to put his knowledge into practice .
He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job . He looked at all the advertisements but he never found the one he needed .
In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , though , be sunburnt .
I used to live in assistent house . It was the first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I moved to an apartment with two friends .
The garbage truck picks up paper once a week , plastic two times per month and undifferentiated three times a week for all people who live in my country .
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing . There are also a lot of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut down on the use of water by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the waste and so saving our planet .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for speaking English . If you know grammar , you only know certain rules for writing , but I think that speaking is more important than writing , because when you go to any place in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you . In this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you wo n't understand anything . But here is another topic . Whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to understand what the person is trying to say .
I enjoy this because I like it .
I see myself as a perfect candidate for this position .
I live in one of the most beautiful countries - Ukraine .
When I was at school my friends and I attended junior swimming school .
My friend and I always had ice cream and fun after training .
Nowadays , the option of broadening the mind while traveling is very common .
Apart from that , you see new places and you have fun . You also learn about other cultures , historical facts , you also learn to respect other people and their customs .
In addition , you do n't think about your problems and the only thing that you do is have fun and do what you want to do .
Besides , you see new worlds and their ways of life and that helps to open your mind , to see the world in another way .
In conclusion , I think that it is the best way to open your mind . Not the only way , but yes , the best way .
I would like to recommend friends to visit Italy .
So if you want to visit any country , I 'm going to recommend Italy .
This affirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car . It is more practical and faster .
Do n't forget the cost .
When my sisters are married they have one or two children at most . I think the Egyptian family has become smaller with the passage of time .
Finally , the consequence of cocaine is death . If you inhale cocaine all the time or a lot , you will die prematurely .
We enjoyed swimming in the sea , sunbathing , having a barbecue and seeing the sunset .
Young people want to find a good job here , but they are working in MacDonald 's or Burger King for a low salary .
Television plays an essential part in our life ; we turn it on nearly every day , since it can make life more interesting .
There are two points to prove it .
For one , a show broadcast on television may enlighten us and give us some enlightenment .
From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas car to future cars when the fuel will be electricity .
My hobby
But now I really enjoyed it , and my best friend bought me a ticket to a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing . For s couple of hours , I did n't move . It was a brilliant present .
In 1994 , The Scream , one of the most expensive paintings in the world , was stolen from the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
When he stole the painting he wrote a note saying : " thank you for your good security " and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to steal the painting .
There are mainly 4 steps : design , preparation , printing and inspecting .
This essay will explain these different steps .
Firstly , personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the security features on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such , such as notes for supermarkets .
After sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it uses special ink , and prints colors on both sides , and images are slightly raised .
Finally , inspectors at the bank manually check all printing sheets and divide them into three categories : " bad sheets " are sent for disposal , where things are securely destroyed ; " Good quality sheets " will go for packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
However , sheets that are " partially damaged " will be inspected again and separated into good and bad sheets and sent for further actions .
I 'd like to write on this subject because it 's a very important topic .
I enjoy it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stadium & support my team with my flag & cheers .
I advise anyone who dreams of being a member of the most famous teams to work on himself a lot and play football a lot to be professional in this sport and show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
When you have the desire to do something , something you always dreamt of achieving , something touches you inside not only when you do it , but also when you think about it .
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbidden on account of the fact that young children are still very vulnerable .
Kids around these ages ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a mature critical sense and anything can easily persuade them .
In conclusion , I am strongly in favour of this statement . Advertisements for young kids , not only upto 5 but upto 8 years old should be forbidden because of the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
I am writing in response to your advertisement which I saw in " The Daily Magazine " last week .
I am a twenty - year - old student currently studying to be a chef .
If you need any further information , please do not hesitate in contact me .
Nemo 's father knew a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him . They cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist 's house .
In the following paragraphs , I am going to analyze these issues in a detailed way to provide a solution .
I like volleyball because it is part of my life and of the life of my mother . It is my favorite sport , but I like other sports too , same I do n't play volleyball because I 'm bad , and my friends that I know , do n't like people who are bad at volei .
But today , things are changing and technology plays a significant role in our lives . The automobile industry increased its vertical and having a car has become a necessity rather than a luxury .
These days a lot of children wish to be professional players and they practise this sport all the time and everywhere to improve their technique .
The diagram shows the development from 1998 to 2014 .
At Easter time , the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition . In contrast , the pagan spring festival does n't focus on consecration but rather on celebration .
Not all people can afford to make journeys by car . A car is easy and cozy also , but public transport is fair and is very affordable for all classes of people .
Public transport mainly means public bus . People used to travel long distances by public bus . It is possible to carry large numbers of people to different places by bus .
Although I knew that there was some conflict between England and Scotland , the vote really shocked me .
I have been travelling with both for years , and I reckon everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another .
My favourite sport is soccer , because it is the most popular sport in the world .
But every time , I get trouble .
The husband of Grace is called Charles .
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one day , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there . So she starts getting more and more nervous . She goes and talks to the servants , and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys .
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He loves his job as he is patient when doing his job . he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laugh .
Nowadays , the number of endangered species has increased .
But a lot of people say that a zoo can protect endangered species from illegal poachers .
To sum up , there are a lot of clearly strong arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
In my opinion , people should build some kinds of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
It 's a really expensive solution , but we must do that for
The charts below give information about the most important reasons for studying among students of different age groups and the amount of support they received from employers .
The first chart is the reasons for studying according to age of student .
For career has 80% ; under 26 years old students selected it . For the over 49 years olds , only 20% of people selected it ; but if you compare this with interest , it is totally different ; under 26 years old have only 10% ; but over 49 years olds have 70% .
The other chart is about employer support . Under 26 years old is the highest because it is almost 70% , the second highest is aged 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% ; the lowerst is 35% and the age of the group is 30 - 39 years old .
You can visit the old city and see old buildings and the castle , you can see the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
is n't good for students .
First of all , by getting students out of the classroom , students take a break from the school routine .
Furthermore , going on field trips gives students a chance to try things for themselves .
In addition , field trips are an important part of our school activities .
Unfortunately , I saw you last many days ago .
My flatmate is my best friend today .
Susan told me that you need to know a couple of things before your visit to Spain .
At that moment , he knew his decision was going to affect his whole life .
When he was escaping from the prison , he bumped into an old friend callled Charlie .
Why do I enjoy my favourite sport ?
I love it when the temperature is a little bit cold , but not too much .
But there 's a difference between eating a good meal , and eating by the way .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered how he met her on the bus . Maybe she had always been the woman of his life . He looked at her eyes and smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to start to get to know her . But he decided to leave the pub . He walked to the exit .
All in all , I still had a memorable vacation .
In addition , there is a small blackboard for my little brother because my mother wants my brother to learn Arabic and English letters .
My country is a very interesting place . We have a lot of ancient and mystical places .
I think you could n't work in my country , because it 's illegal for foreigners .
The town hall put containers for trash in the streets and the workers from the town hall clean the streets .
To begin with , nowadays more and more people prefer travelling by car rather than by bus or train .
In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots . Everyone deserves what they want .
I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reducing pollution
announced the way they take care of the town .
My apartment is very beautiful .
It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a private parking lot .
Finally , my apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot more advantages than its disadvantages .
There are various kinds of different things that happen in people 's lives , some may be normal and nothing special , while others may be so meaningful and unforgettable that you will remember them for a long time .
Eventually , I was third in the contest .
The most important thing is that you can learn a valuable lesson from failure .
Resolve/ determine / insistence
I like how the players move around the court and how the audience applauds them every time they win a point . Although I 'm not on the court , I can feel the feeling of the game . It 's really awesome .
Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
Public transportation is excellent ; you save money , take care of the environment and make friends .
On the other hand , she has never been a talkative girl , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .
It is convenient to travel by private car everyone can afford it , so that everyone has a private car nowadays . Some people suggest private cars are going to replace public transport .
For these reasons , it is unlikely there is no future for public transport .
Alison felt desperate . She noticed that her husband 's car keys were in her house , so he was walking or someone had picked him up . She picked up the phone and she called all his group of friends . Nobody knew anything and now they were scared .
My favorite sport is football .
In my opinion , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . Moreover , I think that it is good because it could help you to lose weight .
On one hand , public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can move around the whole city .
We do n't use so much petrol as if each passenger were to use their own private transport .
In conclusion , public transport is very good and if it disappears it will be a big problem . It is true that sometimes you need private transport , but apart from that , public transport is used a lot by people of all ages .
I 'm a committed , responsible , and organized person .
First I would like to introduce myself . My name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I want to tell you why my favourite sport is football , which is a sport that I have practiced since I was six years old .
I like this sport very much because it must be played with a group of people and is more fun than other sports which you play alone with one other opponent , like tennis .
Currently , I play in the first division of the club River PLate from Argentina .
In my opinion , people will travel by public transport more frequently , because this type of transport is less expensive , more reliable and even more environmentally friendly than travelling by car .
My trust in future technology is so enormous that I hope there will be new environmentally friendly and cheaper ways to travel around our world .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I could n't understand anything and I could n't talk .
We do not respect traffic rules and drive only with the intention of going as fast as possible to our destination . This often causes traffic accidents and congestion .
For this reason , people are becoming aware of the terrible problem and are learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
In addition , public institutions are promoting this and also private companies create advertising to increase awareness .
This is due to the fact that Lima , in the beginning , did not have a plan to design its public roads and highways , and it has only been improvising to build them without any criteria to transport its population .
I usually take public transport to go to the University , because public transport is cheaper than a car .
( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratively exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea .
As he got closer , he saw a lot of people around the Kabaa .
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it because it is the best way to lose weight and improve your health ; better than medicine .
The purpose of this proposal is to provide details about shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some recommendations for tourists .
They offer a wide range of choices , from souvenir items such as pictures and jewellery to local specialities , at a reasonable price to suit the interests of different people .
I assure you that there should be high - quality and varied products there satisfying your needs .
I highly recommend local shops to our tourists for their cheap prices and the hospitable manners of residents here .
My hobbies are meeting Friends and hanging out with them or playing basketball in my spare time .
People do n't use the five seats of the car to travel .
From the point of view of the environment , this is a bad idea , because it uses a lot of gas per person .
A new problem is in the small towns , because they are not designed to accommodate a lot of cars .
I think that the main problem with public transport is the communications between villages and small towns , because they only exists between the big cities .
It is a problem of mentality . If we had been born into a society that used public transport , I think that would be better and we would use it normally .
There are so many educational programs , like Animal Planet , and so many others .
Sometimes , some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can help you in biology . The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
I am writing in response to your advertisment for SUMMER CAMPS .
I worked as an assistant chef in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer . I worked in another restaurant in London , but I would like to look after children , because I have studied to be a teacher .
Yours faithfully .
Here in Brazil , it is very difficult care about it because it demands serious action and skills from our government , which unfortunately wo n't happen soon .
And why am I talking about it ? I am talking about it because the foundation of environmental protection is our mindset . Just with knowledge and information , we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and instead we have the current result .
This aphorism is famous and true .
People try to build big and luxurious houses but they forgot about the main thing .
We can choose expensive things for the interior ,
n the town , he tries to make people aware of the situation and they take care of the environment .
In my opinion , we should be conscientious and stop it . If we do n't stop it , after , it will be too late .
The best present that I have received was ... I do n't remember !
Another thing , in my home there are some rules : my brother and I tidy our room , we clean the bathroom after we use it , we ca n't eat on the sofa .. .
Let us examine the advantages and disadvantages
Nowadays , people have a stressful life , so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
The Scorch Trials is one of the best films and thrillers that I have ever seen . It is so exciting to see all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be immune if some sick person bites them .
I think I am the right person for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good level of English .
Firstly , Django Unchained reminds us of the hard life suffered by black people in the past through a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be sold to an owner farm . This was matched with an amazing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
In my opinion , volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings . My advice for someone who is starting this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this game and it makes you do your work in a relaxed way .
It is upstream that irrigates our economic life , and there is no doubt that negligence has the ability to destroy many good aspects of our lives , and our government is doing its best to put an end to negligence ,
but we also must cooperate to save our town . On the one hand , we must Presentation an awareness program for all people ,
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
I do not agree with this statement because in big cities there are a lot of cars . If all the people in a city use their own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic jam , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
My email address is xxxxxxxx .
As a result , I think that I have some talent for swimming .
From then on , I felt my disease decrease and feel relax .
I am prepared for long working hours . That 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spending time with people .
Although some people prefer individual games , I prefer team games .
They must know , people will notice them , walking along the street .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all kinds of activities for children , from canoeing to swimming competitions . Also , I worked in a summer camp last year , where I could put all the things that I had learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to have again .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
In my opinion , music like this should be played more often on the radio and other mass media .
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a defender and I enjoy playing in that position because it is easy for me to play .
When we arrived there in July last summer , the owners welcomed us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge , all included in the room 's fee .
There is perhaps nothing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as it is enjoyable .
A lot of children usually do n't know how to study English , and you could help them to get there .
The other team was professional , they had won many competitions , they were really good , but Tom and I knew that we could win .
I 'm the right person for the job because I 'm reliable and experienced .
Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoid disease and become healthier . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and relaxed .
Moreover , daily exercise is a very good idea which helps us to avoid becoming overweight and to keep our body healthier . So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other knids of sports to avoid diseases .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewellery , clothes , accessories , gadgets , books etc .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in the downtown area to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terrace with a cool lemonade .
Although using your own car is better for moving around the city , public transport has been shown to be a good option for travelling long distances at a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
Your health needs calm , friendship , happiness ... You must keep in contact with your friends and spend time with yourself ( do not forget your hobbies and learn new things ) and your family .
It follows that , on the one hand , I have extensive knowledge of how to be on good terms with different people and , on the other hand , I have a perfect command of English .
In addition , as I have been determined to build my career as a teacher since my childhood and , moreover , I definitely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at university and in a local school .
I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectively in this position .
A wise man in the past said once , " If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climber , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
It 's exhausting and you have to move fast to get every shuttlecock .
You have to be competitive !
My coach was very nice and mostly we played in teams .
I had a lot of fun at the summer sports camps and I made a lot of friends .
Invite your friends from school or work .
Practice together with people of your age . It is a lot of fun and you will get better soon .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won game makes me proud and happy about all the hard work that I have done in the last few months .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish in the sea but there was n't an appropriate place to keep the fish , so they could n't eat it one or two days later .
You start living on your own , make your own decisions and plan your future .
The year off gives them opportunities to get a job .
You can get to know other countries and new individuals .
If you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to contact me .
I am writing this letter in response to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested .
Since many European tourists like to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sunshine and also discovering the historical remains from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work in .
Finally , I personally disagree with cyberschool .
Cyberschool are n't interested in health and safety issues !
In fact , it can help them to speak with their friends more easily .
In conclusion , so family and friends are very necessary in your life .
I remember that you are fascinated by nature , so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food . You will see an amazing view and a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
When it 's cold , I always go to a covered swimming pool , and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining , I always go to a reservoir .
In present - day society , sustainable development is of paramount importance as our environment is being destroyed at a fast rate .
It is definitely not environmentally friendly .
And last but not the least , public transport is much safer than private transport , because it transports many more people , and so , there is more caution .
Film stars and politicians are interesting to people because of their talents and special abilities .
On the one hand , famous people try to hide their lives from journalists .
In everyday life , the internet has become one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influential .
So , I enjoy running alone or with friends , because this sport has a lot of possibilities , more than I thought when I started to run after finishing High School .
This has resulted in only very needy people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automobile , with inconveniences and safety being the excuse .
In the past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping pong and so on , but the outcome made me depressed and less confident .
The first point which I would like to mention is cost .
That could be frustrating , especially when you have a long journey and you need to spend long hours driving .
Finally , the word convenient means something different for everyone .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
But there are some disadvantages , like stairs because we are on the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many stairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
Travelling could be a good way to improve your language and to get to know Italy better .
Maybe you 'll choose to attend university in one of these cities !
It is a tourist country , you could work as a waiter in my city .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks , when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understandable , you know that , in fact , it is not .
Long after that , because I had such a natural talent at engineering , I began to write books and essays about everything related to my job .
By February we 'll have finished our exams and we 'll have more free time .
Birdwatching really relaxes me and brings me closer to nature .
Do n't you know what to say in the presence of a huge audience ?
The new activity which I have thought could be organised and could have success is called " The Club of discussion " .
In addition , it could be interesting , although you do n't have to do physical activity , because your ability to edit a speech , support an idea , have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity .
In conclusion , making a speech contributes to our social relationships and it allows us to define our personality .
We found very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very popular , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
For this reason , when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change their lifestyle .
So they would help to solve a bit the problem for the UK 's recycling system .
Such us yoghurts , biscuits , etc , was wrapped in plastic .
However , I also think that it 's important to be conscious of environmental concerns , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce rubbish .
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start playing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's passion for wearing your club 's jersey and respect for your adversaries .
For years of wars and difficult situations , history was creating people 's beliefs and convictions .
Conclusions and recommendations
I really like reading many kinds of books , magazines , etc . When the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchair , near the fire place and reading .
I enjoy hearing the rain while I am reading at home .
However , I like walking very much , too .
I prefer comedy and romance , but I like thrillers and drama too .
Finally , I enjoy taking care of my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of different kinds of flowers .
We like the sea very much , so we looked to rent a little cottage in August in a lovely place in Sardinia .
I was looking forward to going to the beach and swimming in that wonderful water .
By recycling , by trying to reduce the traffic , walking and cycling . That also improves our health and fitness .
People of all ages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife .
At school , children are taught about how to make appropriate use of electricity .
There also a lot of plans for the future , to start using electric cars .
I 'm Catholic and I play the guitar in the Church choir .
Each year , in the summer holiday , I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighbourhood , both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years old .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern building that has different rooms with different styles : modern , classical , gothic , etc .
However , not all is OK . A trip to Italy is so expensive and many classmates ca n't afford it .
At that moment , the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answered me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite attractive and very up - to - date , the green zones are broad and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
It brings you directly to my suburb .
Using this transport I will go to New Zealand then Australia and other countries .
Travelling by car is much more convenient , as many people say , but public transport is much better for the environment .
In my opinion , it is one of the healthiest sports there are because you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breathing .
I think it is a really good idea to use stem cells in order to save other people 's lives , even if they come from an aborted foetus .
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an aborted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research and help other people .
How are you doing ? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I went to last month .
After some time , I felt sad , because I realised that I would n't be able to see the band playing on the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entrance .
We took some photos and got autographs .
great starter and when you finish it , they bring you the barbecued meat .
Then the main course is the barbecued meat that is very tender and tasty .
But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowded overpopulated world , it is recommended by geologists and ecologists that we use public transportation .
The family might exist on paper , but not in reality , because each member of the family will be busy and they will just send some messages from the high - technology phones they 'll have at that time .
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic , but if we do n't change our minds immediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that show a low percentage of illiterate people , expressed as below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia have over 30% of people who do not know to how read and write .
There are also places where people can buy the typical clothes ; dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for men .
Even if you just want to go shopping for clothes , there are so many places you can go . Palermo is known as a little New York for the designers and well - known brands , and technology is located in Recoleta .
During this day , the students had the opportunity to hear very interesting things , but not in the same way as if they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
I worked at a nursery school in London last summer , which led to the improvement of my English skills .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
If I were you , I would choose the subway because the weather in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your tiring trip .
In the last ten years , Brazil has created a wide range of governmental programmes .
Educational and medical assistance , as well as iinfrastructure improvements are some of the recent advancements .
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad and acquiring an international standard qualification .
I found your advertisement in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summer camps .
Suddenly , a tumbledown cottage emerged from the darkness .
Well , since my childhood I have always loved weapons . My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I was 15 that I found my real passion , and it was archery . Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that archery is my favorite sport .
After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the Roman Catholic bishop 's residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of Jesuit monks .
Journalists and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance the the value of them .
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are written about and known by society , which is unfair and harmful .
They ought to appreciate what they have and stop complaining about their life , because there are plenty of people , who dream of being them .
Famous people have to notice how much they have , appreciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster as they often think .
It was reported that for one hundred kilometers , each car consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of air pollution .
can also satisfy passengers who can not travel by plane and need to take long - distance journeys .
To summarize , he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the press because he would like to announce his definitive
Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by the European Union , the trainee has accident and liability insurance .
It was a good experience . The hotel had every comfort you can imagine : a restaurant , a spa , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimming pools , a beauty center and a church .
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce discomfort and keep one 's feet at a nice temperature .
Players must be considered as a painter working on a piece of art .
It 's not the effort they have applied or all the hopes they had .
Their expectations will be considered useless .
People do n't stare at a painting in a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge only it .
So , if someone is ever wondering to whether start playing this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazzi who are trying to find out more about their private life .
There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time . Being a waitress or something like that is well paid and not so difficult to do .
I have numerous reasons why I choose this sport as my favorite .
THE STRENGTH OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers , under no circumstances should we miss it !
I like to read too . My favorite type of book is horse books or just random books . It 's hard to explain , but I mean books with everyday action not science - fiction or romance .
Parkour is a discipline in which the main purpose is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and fastest way , without causing any harm to your body .
Parkour was developed in Lisses , France , around the 1980 's .
One of the foundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method , created by Georges Hébert .
Basically , the method is based on developing the main foundations of movement of the human body . These are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped movement , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
Raimond Belle was a former Vietnam soldier and worked as a fireman in the French army .
The roots of Parkour were developed by him and he taught some Parkour techniques to the firemen who he used to work with .
His son , David Belle , was taught some of the foundations of Parkour too .
Some people say that David created Parkour but , in fact , his father developed all the ideas of the discipline .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosophical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a phrase from the Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that , in a dangerous situation , you will be able to save yourself and other people , and so on .
Therefore , it is due to its philosophy and the joy that I feel before , during and after a training session , that Parkour is my favorite sport .
For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than public transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want without spending hours waiting for the bus .
The product will be registered with the Ministry of Health and Sri Lanka Standards Association and adhere to their rules and regulations for production , storage and distribution .
Their opinions varied a bit here .
An argument some used was : ' In case we removed this whole industry , then there would be a humongous group of people unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , anthropology and seeing a lot of types of art .
I agree with the statement , that famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Sometimes it happens that journalists write some silly gossip about famous people which is not true .
Although it does n't mean that the press should write about your private life .
And , as a drawback of being a celebrity , they are followed by paparazzi almost everywhere .
Besides , being followed by unknown people must be quite a scary experience .
My listening is good and I can understand .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon . If you have any questions , you can mail or contact me .
First of all , travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars have to pay for gas , insurance , repairs , environment fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
She knew that he would be staying away for so long but she would wait .
She loved him and no World War was able to separate them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming . It was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor , just like Jason 's father .
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionate about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " are dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
There is little doubt that they will not only find original products , but will also enrich their minds .
On the other hand , they are still normal people , who have families , partners and friends and they sometimes want to have a few private minutes , without cameras , media , newspapers , flashes and spotlights .
What is more , I am sure that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is fame .
I 'm available every afternoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , when it is morning in the USA .
Of course , some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who do n't like it have the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them do n't exist .
Nowadays , people care more about themselves and doing good things is wrong for some of them !
I am really happy you wrote to me for some advice and I am very honoured that you want to spend some time in my country .
First , you have to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Italy , because if you do a full immersion tour of the entire Peninsula you will visit only half of all you have to visit .
If you like Egyptian history , you can go to Turin , where you can find a huge and beautiful museum of Ancient Egypt .
If you want to visit the south part of Italy , you must start your trip from Florence , the birthplace of the culture . Then you must go down to Rome , the capital city of my country .
After you have seen the Coliseum , the basilica of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain , and so on , you must visit Naples .
The idea of finding a job that lasts three months is great .
I think you could work as an entertainer in some tourist villages around the country .
In that way , you could improve your way to make a relationship with people and it could also be a great help for your theatrical experience .
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your ability , so I think that you could take some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts .
Let me know if you enjoy your tour and take lots of photos ( I want to see them soon )
I 'm writing to reply to one of your advertisements published in the local newspaper last week .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the privilege of working as a teacher all my life , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care of children .
As well as taking part in activities relating to cooking .
At night , the noise was annoying . I was not able to rest properly .
Also , the phone did not work properly , it was impossible to use it to call the receptionist .
In addition , the elevator was out of order .
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at Östermalm called : " New Peeking " . It 's an Asian buffet and they make the best food .
My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or Biology .
I think that , in particular , spinning is a hard sports activity because when you have spent approximately 1 hour on your bike you 'll probably feel tired .
This could be good , although some people say we do n't need all this time and we have to work more .
Another point is that we can meet friends more or visit our family if we have more free time and that is always good .
In other words , it could be said that if we had more free time , our lives would become better , because we can enjoy ourselves with friends and do things with our family .
From my point of view , having free time is perfect , because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would increase .
I study philology .
Now I am working as a journalist at National Radio .
But instead I am writing about stupid decorations , illnesses and other boring stuff .
Well , I have good news for you ! I met a wonderful girl last week when I went to the cinema .
I want to introduce her asap !
Besides brilliant actors , they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated as it is very near to the bus stop .
Since graduating from University of Education majoring in business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
Meeting new people and setting up new social relationships are also the tempting point attracting me .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home , which takes about 10 minutes to go to on foot and I have 2 days off a week . That gives me the opportunity to take on a new job .
I enjoyed this unforgettable trip to the museum , and hope you can take time out to go one day !
It requires a vivid imagination to try to put a view of the future . First of all , the means of transport will change . Vehicles will depend mainly on solar energy or nuclear energy . A flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work . You will need to supply your car with spinach after they invent a spinach - fuelled car .
I think that 's the only negative point about today 's television , because maybe there 's too much choice !
When we were schoolgirls , we used to spend all our free time together .
To find out about other cultures and get new knowledge completely different from school .
On the other hand , maybe if we have a break before university , the routine of working and studying every day could break .
So when university starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and , as a consequence , the marks will be lower .
At first , I did n't believe that this place would be as amazing as she said .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe : comfortable chairs and sofas , beautiful features and really good - tasting coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think of .
Although the most important thing is that there were not only friendly staff but they looked like they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
If TV programmes are a lot of rubish , it is because some people prefer them .
I had a great time with my friends , but I have a few comments concerning the organisation .
However , there are a couple of small suggestions .
First of all , the venue itself was very crowded and parking almost impossible to find .
I would like to suggest hiring special animators who will entertain kids .
You should think about reducing prices or offering special discounts , for example , for students .
Yours faithfully
There , you will see beautiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice vineyards .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese . None of those languages are as popular as English is .
Brazilians need to learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
Learning English as a foreign language will have a huge impact on Brazilians ' professional lives , helping them to get a better position .
The Brazilian educational system should be aware to develop students ' language skills more .
Learning English as a second language will help Brazilians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Third , public transportation sucks , when you think about it . You can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hassles of the public transportation transfers in your mind .
Secondly , everybody seeks safety in their lives .
Look around you , crimes and death are surrounding us . All these people are dreaming of living a peaceful life without all the problems of killing and sadness .
For that reason , I believe that being safe is absolutely better than being sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that life will go on and one day all of us will be satisfied with this life .
In conclusion , I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy , because you live a calm life without anything making you sorry .
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain . They have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
Therefore , she has everything good about being a celebrity , but the most important is that she is a great person .
By increasing the variety of cars with new technology , people 's demand hasn't ' stopped .
As technology enhances the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it because of many different attractions that these cars have .
Traffic jams will cost a lot , causing problems such as pollution , which certainly causes more health problems and will create expenses not only for us , but for others as well .
The solution is public transport again , which increases the pace of life and makes it easy to access by subways and special roads .
To sum up , as thought cars are too convenient to some extent , but the cost will reduce the benefits .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for the job in the USA summer camps .
This job would give me the opportunity to practise my skills and get more experience with children as well .
The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - five years old , who is engaged to a nice girl .
The company requested him to go back three days later , so he was looking for a hotel that someone had recommended him .
It is universally accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable .
The doorbell rang insistently . It was Saturday in the early morning and I was still in bed .
What an amazing surprise ! I was very emotional and was about to cry . "
In answer to your question about the use of the internet by young people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information more easily and quickly .
Also , it plays a great role in removing the borders between nations . In a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just to talk to a friend .
Obviously , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because the whole day we are connected , in our houses , on mobile phones and on computers at work .
They have to realise that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have different diseases .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emits a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light , the synthesizer 's pitch rises .
I had to work as a liaison with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of the Shriram Group of Companies ) .
She explains that in the process of purification , a large amount of coal and oil is burned , which pollutes factories rather than the environment .
He was the pastor of a Baptist Church and he fought against the discrimination against black people in the United States in the 60s .
He founded the civil rights movement to free black people from racial segregation and inequality .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he described equality in society between white and black people , where all people can live together .
He was murdered in 1968 , in Memphis . He was 39 years old .
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , a few parks which provide different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
Write soon
Let us look at an example of a university student .
The student had a great number of assignments and projects , so he spent more time on accessing the library , becoming more ambitious to study books , and using a computer to search the for latest information .
Therefore , not only did he get high scores in the reports , having absorbed a great deal of knowledge at the library , but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gym .
At university , I also have a lot of assignments , so I like to go to the library to study , where it is more quiet , spacious and internet accessible .
It is a great life stage , but at the same time , it is difficult . Sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves . As a result , they do n't know what to choose .
Twenty years ago , no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become necessities of our daily lives . Nowadays , many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I worked in numerous camps last summer .
As a result , I could be very helpful with organising sports and activities , but I could also provide assistance in other places , including the kitchen .
The crucial point is the transformations and experienced contradictions of the characters .
In our imperialist and capitalist world , we need more films or artistic influences which mention the problems of our life and realities .
There are such interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would never have expected or , unsurprisingly , misinformation .
We know that making social contact can sometimes be a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and daunting experience .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
To clarify what the situation is , it is true that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reading a blog can give people a practical way to communicate and share preferences , beliefs or thoughts . however , more or less reliable .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Jon did n't usually go to the countryside , so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid .
After drinking water from the bottle , he fell over on the grass and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
There was a lot of blood and it was then that Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistic and it could happen in the real world sometime .
There you can see dinosaurs from prehistoric times .
It can be amazing to see different species of animals which are no longer living .
By visiting museums we can learn interesting details about the history and culture of that society .
In addition to having lots of information , we also can have fun seeing interesting things in the museums , such as huge dinosaurs . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you visit .
Every day in my town , people talk only about football because it can give you a lot of emotions .
On the other hand , my advice that I would give to someone who is starting this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsibility and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
In the morning , everyone goes to their job by car , but I think that the real reason for doing this is that we need to do a lot of things during the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
For example , during a football match , if you make a mistake it is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy it , even if you do nothing .
The most interesting is the art gallery , Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centre .
What 's more , in the middle of the building , there is a small library where people usually buy the latest books and papers .
Furthermore , in the building of the art gallery there is a club Oko .
Not only is it the popular place among young Polish citizens , but it is also really extraordinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
Grass hockey is a popular sport played by people of all ages and it 's played more in countries like Britain , Argentina or Germany , than in Spain or Italy .
In my opinion , grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requires you to be really focused on hitting the ball correctly .
Firstly , Disney is not an ordinary destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requires a different means of transport since it is a long way away .
The vacation starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend , creating an experience you will never forget .
When the plane arrives at the airport in Miami , you can appreciate the beautiful view that this place offers .
Each one has a different topic and amazing rides perfect for adolescents .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bored , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable time on the roller - coasters .
He is a soldier in the military in Thun , where he works as a teacher .
Then Robert smiled and giving his hand towards hers , said : ' I have missed you a lot ' .
In addition , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are used to living in such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
Meanwhile , wild animals which have forests and wetlands as their habitats will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete . Endangered animals will be harder to find after the destruction of their homelands .
Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lambs , chickens to be fed .
To reduce the above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before the construction of buildings and transport and try their best to decrease the side effects .
In my opinion , there are a few advantages of shopping .
Another good point of shopping is the fact that it could be relaxing for some people .
Everyone considered him a crazy and boring guy obsessed by his passion , except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to give up his dream .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutionary at the same time , something that could give a new vision of reality , and Kate started to offer some information about many artists .
She started to be a little bit nervous , she was n't able to find any solution when , suddenly , she remembered that Michael 's art had the features requested by her clients .
Michael was very excited because he finally had the opportunity to introduce his view of art through his pictures .
After lots of meetings and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , the USA and Oceania , Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child .
Kate was really angry and she ordered him to leave her room immediately .
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie star 's , but they should make their decisions transparent for most of the population though .
It is their job to make decisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country , but we do n't need to know anything else about them , after they come home to spend some time with their families .
He was a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievous behavior .
This film was about how a previous robbery which had been committed by Vin 's gang leads to the hatred of a criminal played by Jason Statham .
As I see it , there are several ways to improve , it because we are trying to invent a lot of things every day .
You may not think , it but when you are just thinking , you may have the chance to invent something new and useful for humanity .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life . I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioning or anything which can make travelling enjoyable .
Artificial intelligence is one of the best ways , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
We can also help by paying for our tickets . Yes , this is simple , but these companies need money to improve their businesses .
The Number of the Beast was the third album Iron Maiden released .
In this album , the drummer was really great and fantastic electric guitar solos were performed too .
Since he took up office in 2002 , Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking more than forty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
To curb corruption , new laws were created , institutions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society .
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , privileged , university - educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
You do n't have to think about bus timetables and stops .
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other reasons to travel by car .
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
But most importantly , one should enjoy all of this fun .
I 'm going to make you a very nice itinerary and , hopefully , we 'll also find somewhere for you to work .
We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadel , and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
Concerning your work plans , I have an uncle who owns a farm , so I think we can arrange for you to work there .
They can barely breath with all those photographers around them .
For example , when a fan follows a cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredictable , or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
Why is it that when men stalk women they forbid them to come closer to her , but when a paparazzo hides in the car of a celebrity , he will get a huge pile of money for the photos ?
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
So , this means we are getting less intimate and becoming more gossipy at the same time , as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites .
You can follow your favourite celebrities and have direct interaction , but this also has negative consequences such as some followers criticise them .
It was a new thing for her to know that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people in that school defined her as a weirdo .
She was on her way to the court where Michael was practising when she heard guys talking .
Then our trainer , Nico , shows us a lot of tips and tricks .
This is an original and moving love story that has people who are against the relationship between the main characters .
Besides this , it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child might do to help people without being told the real truth .
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do for the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist attractions , environmental education , ecological preservation and make it the best tourist city in Litoral Paulista .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extreme sports are what we believe are attractive to tourists of this wonderful coastal city .
Nevertheless , travelling by car could pose a real threat to public transport because it is much more comfortable .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , more modern , and cheaper than travelling by car .
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping for clothes in the city , as well as some recommendations .
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will be worth it .
You will fall in love with them as they are pastel coloured .
If the idea of a street market does not seduce you , I recommend you visit a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other accessories , such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
In addition , the shop is very cheap and you can have a cup of coffee inside while you are shopping .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and making comparisons of price and quality .
This film is interesting because it drafts work problems , but not only this , it also shows some important values , like the importance of solidarity , group cohesion and the importance of not losing faith in dreams , even if the situation is withstands .
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay in so you need some time to prepare it .
The television of the future will be amazing , because it will have a 3D projector , which means that movies will look extremely realistic .
You can see , for example , tigers , lions , zebras , birds , penguins or horses .
If you were hungry , there are some restaurants and fast food restaurants .
In my opinion , sometimes stars ' behaviour is very surprising .
Film stars have very duties , for example , going to the parties organized by other people from show business .
You are very lucky in choosing a life partner . I have seen your life partner . She is so beautiful . You both have a perfect match .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
On the one hand , if you belong to a school , you can participate by giving information to the children about the catastrophic image our village would have if we did not reduce the pollution to the minimum range .
Fourthly , I only buy organic products for consumption and keep a small spice garden in my backyard .
First and foremost , the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
The last but most important step is the inspection .
If the sheet is bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
The " Di Roma restaurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village , " Monção " . It is very popular with teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
Public transport is not as valued as it should be although a lot of people use it every day .
It 's a big country and does n't have many inhabitants .
Most people go to high school and university .
In Sweden , we have a lot of different people from different cultures .
The problem is that there are a lot of Swedish people that are racists .
Not the majority , of course , but there are many racists .
That can be really painful for those who are n't from Sweden originally .
The first one is to study a lot of grammar lessons , and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
It was written by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows the daily life in a fictitious hotel .
Particularly when the owner gives orders to the waiter , these situations become hilarious .
Its short stories have a funny and relaxed time .
First of all , the environment that belongs to both man and wildlife is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
It means that more kinds of species are endangered because they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining land .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critical for governments to take measures to reduce the problems .
Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put in place to forbid extravagant expansion in the natural system .
In addition , supervision of the protecting steps needs to be undertaken by the government .
He still needs to find an ATM to withdraw some money to pay for his appointment .
SEAWEED : OUR FUTURE
Thanks to a crowd - funding campaign , we obtained the minimum funds to develop our innovate work .
Unfortunately , the process only works for twelve hours .
No matter where a famous person goes , he must realize that , next day , he will be on the front page of the newspapers with lots of rumours .
Because , what is proper in living when journalists are following every step the famous person takes ?
We are all free people and everyone deserves to have his own life .
I wish to express my dissatisfaction with this course .
perhaps because there were too many people and also , the more people there are , the more space we need and the room was too small .
We felt hot and we had no refreshment facilities .
The hotel would be luxurious but everybody could come because the prices would be low , so the hotel would be always full . I think that many people want to go to a luxurious hotel but they ca n't .
The hotel would have many services and facilities , like a good reception , spa , wifi connection and pay - per - view TV in the rooms , a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea .
I would like to hear the point of view of tourists to improve the hotel .
One day a friend of mine was going to an amateur theatre to see a musical and asked me if I fancied joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , but I went .
The performance turned out to be enjoyable , with a lot of witty jokes .
After the show , I was introduced to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
They can do nothing that ca n't be gossiped about .
Why do n't we want to give people entertaining us a chance to be themselves and to have a real private life ?
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to his friends and thought about stealing the keys of one of their millionaire houses and having a party with his friends .
But the house was destroyed and the neighbours , furred for the confusion caused during the night , had called the police , who , without his knowledge , were waiting outside the house to take him to the police station .
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my niece and clean my bedroom . It 's not much .
People have never taken into account that fact .
All in all , it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resources will be done .
The main attraction here is absolutely the beach .
It 's a nice beach with white sand and blue water .
Perhaps I 'll describe our journey by boat round the island .
Subject : Opinion on what young people are interested in
clothes , not too hippy , but something comfortable .
time , then I suggest some other style . It has to be comfortable but
I have experience of cooking and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parents Association of my children 's school .
These was invaluable and relevant experience for the job I am applying for .
Also , I am available to work for long hours at weekends .
They do not want to learn so much because they just watch movies for fun .
It is said that the main objective of television is to entertain people and make their free time happier .
It can be really frustrating .
The most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who works in a department store and is always planning how to make people 's lives more comfortable and better .
Sometimes I listen to the radio and hear his comments about some problems in my own country and some suggestions about how to make our life better .
It was an engagement ring !
In Mexico , a foreign person does not face difficulties getting hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my country . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
perhaps we could go to the city zoo in order to find out whether there are any vacancies that suit you ?
Something I can do is to do some research into places that need people who speak English fluently .
A good illustration of this would be children .
Mr Keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commission home , is an old - age pensioner with no children .
Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you could organize a home visit and provide further assistance for this family .
We tried to contact as many family members as we could .
My city , Valencia , is a touristic city situated by the sea .
In addition , I suggest going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoeing , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoying the countryside
My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and comedy drama because they have interesting plots and characters , someone and who watches comedy can laugh all the time .
He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe , but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibility of escaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
Cohen 's knowledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically irrational .
Some people like to calculate the gain or loss from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dollar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
Taxi is the first possibility .
Famous people have always been surrounded by a lot of journalists and paparazzi who follow them wherever they go .
Therefore , most of these famous people complain about this , but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constantly devoting every minute of the day to them , because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing who they are with , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
In Italy there are few cities with an underground and often in the smaller cities there are only buses .
I hope for the next generations for a better public transport service and an increase of its use .
Overall , it is clear that the main causes of land degradation were deforestation and over - grazing .
These causes also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed , in Europe and Oceania , and , consequently , these areas had higher rates in terms of total land degraded .
On the other hand , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% because of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
For this reason , this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded , with only 5% .
If a person wanted to travel from Kano to Lagos he had no choice but to trek .
We can travel by air using aircraft ; aeroplane , helicopter etc .
So , whoever wants to star a journey has several choices of transport , either by sea , by air , by land or on foot .
At 17:00 they let us into the venue and they carried out all the checks .
When everybody had taken their photos , Emblem3 went backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it started .
Kitchens will be better equipped , maybe with smart appliances , and people who ca n't cook will prepare the meal by themselves .
He was so cynical that he turned out to be very nasty and unpopular .
Sooner or later , married people will get divorced .
In addition , public transport is cheap because buying a car means spending a fortune and in big cities where people are concerned about the environment , such as Amsterdam or Tokyo , there are many facilities like mobile phone apps or special offers .
lower .
It is not necessary to say I am able to work to a cafe schedule . I have experience working shift days and weekends .
If you are looking for an enjoyable shopping day , Madrid is the best choice .
In Madrid , you can find clothes by the best designers , such as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
But do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited , because we have some places where you can find great collections at 50% off .
Nowadays , people 's lives are undergoing an unexpected change all because of globalization .
Globalization started in the 20 's , so a huge proportion of the population has experienced this change . In my opinion , it is kind of good .
Personal contact shows a decrease in this time , because people do n't want to face their real problems . Instead , they can see all the problems happening in the world on their smartphones .
In the future , people will communicate via their computers , cellphones , and tablets , and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
Of course , there will be some more electronic things like some new mobile phones with functions we could not expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
To put it in a nutshell , we could say that our global world will be more electronic , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo n't change our lives dramatically .
However , others companies will dominate half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
They help me to develop and to see the world from a different perspective .
Many people think living in the countryside provides a better way of life .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country . The authorities have arranged many procedures to ensure that the town stays clean at the same time as being environmentally friendly .
Another handy rule has been introduced , which is that plastic and glass need to be thrown in different bins that are available for public usage in each supermarket center . In these , people can find these bins at easy locations available everywhere .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town 's citizens in order to improve the environment and go together with all the procedures that help them live a happy , healthy life .
' Gravity ' is an outstanding , brilliant , sci - fi film , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock .
After a long sequence of events , the remaining astronaut first gets to the ISS , then , with a Russian spacecraft , moves on to a Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang , so she felt very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
The more excited she was , the more disappointment she had . Mimi caught sight of her lover kissing another young girl in his room .
As you know , in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown away are recyclable .
This is the main reason why our environment is being destroyed .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psychological difficulties ; Pat 's desire for his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilt over her husband 's death .
In these times , we can follow somebody 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' his Facebook fanpage and , of course , follow news about those famous people .
First of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken breast , sandwiches , chips ... ) and , also , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
Furthermore , going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy city life , too .
However , documentaries are being forgotten and only twenty - six percent of them would like to watch more interesting TV series like Lost .
In Spain , the vast majority of schools are state schools .
I am also a talented cook for kids . My view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach them how to make basic dishes , such as omelettes , spaghetti and more .
The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and mysteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners , who are a family whose husband went to war and died . So the real occupants of the house are Nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister Anne , who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film , and their mother , who is called Grace and has a particular obsession with catholisism .
The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , but in its final scene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
I would recommend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared , because it is not like the rest of the horror movies . It is a film in which you are continuously discovering secrets as if you were another character .
So it is a question that requires deeper reflection from all of us .
Whether public transport might be the solution , or be more suitable or not is something with arguments in its favour and against it .
You do not have to wait for a specific time to catch the bus , for example .
However , a lot of people are becoming more and more conscientious about how important travelling by public transport is .
One of the most important reasons is precisely to take care of the environment .
I really liked working with special effects and the best thing was that I learnt a lot about that technology .
Summing up , I prefer doing my shopping by means of websites or auction portals .
He 's been doing great in both academic and extra - curricular activities in the school .
On the one hand , we could live in a more relaxed way ; on the other hand , we could think about settling on other planets .
Then Sergio left Microsoft , created his own website which gave him enough money , and travelled wherever he wanted .
As you asked me , I prefer sailing on the river to climbing a wall because I want to connect with nature .
Though the modern cities are emerging rapidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the environment are severely various .
The red coral reef off the coast of Australia , for instance , serves as a shelter for algae and other tiny sea fishes and an index of environmental fragility .
Due to the massive construction of five - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there is cut off and environmental variations are gone away .
On top of that , it is the regulation capacities of the environment for temperature , moisture and even sandstorms are eroding as less plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen into the whole system .
In a bid to address these side effects that civilization has brought about , governments must take measures step by step to tackle them .
Apart from the natural areas , the minimal areas for forests and wetland have to be ensured .
In this place , there are guys and girls attending pedagogy who organize activities to entertain children of every age .
Not only because of oil prices , but also the costs of insurance , the car , the parking fees , etc .
In comparison with a bus ticket that costs four pesos and you are sure that sooner or later it will come .
What about looking for colleges which offer Wi - fi Internet connection and a proper meal at lunch ?
We have subjective opinions ; we normally judge because we have a preconceived idea .
For example , in work interviews and jobs that have direct contact with the public , it is better to wear a formal or smart style .
Overall , my personal opinion is that we give too much importance to clothes and appearance than we should .
Although on some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have the freedom to choose what clothes they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our lives .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincere and close to each other , more than these virtual friendships prevailing today .
I have already experienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a charitable association established for youth friendship .
The best of all in real friendships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions . He will be the same for you .
Despite the bad weather , if you travelled by car , you could park your car near your destination , so that you could arrive comfortably .
I think that I 'm good for this job , because I really socialize with children .
Well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nighttime because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finished my whole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax , so I would say that nighttime is the most relaxing part of my day , so it is the one I like most .
I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
David is always ready for a joke , but amazingly , he has the ability to appear serious .
I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's uncomfortable and it takes ages till you arrive at your destination .
Cordoba is a thee hour train ride south of Madrid , and attracts visitors from all over the world
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented towards Mecca .
For a job , i recommend you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job on the beach , because at the same time as you are on the beach , you could earn money .
Among my acquaintances I have a reputation for being a friendly , positive and talkative woman .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter was following in the footsteps of his mom .
Every day , scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are able to pollute the planet less .
It sounds a little bit strange , but by installing solar panels and other features in these homes , we live a much greener life . Undoubtedly , there will be some changes but , because we know why we are doing it , there would be no problems .
We take food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a mountain , an amazing castle or a typical market in a town .
The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's being chased by the agency .
It was so exciting and funny listening to all those musicians , because some of them actually did n't have the skills to play and did n't have the charm needed to warm up the people .
I 've had a little bit of experience of summer babysitting for some kids . In Italy it is more difficult to be a babysitter because , if you are underage , parents should take responsibility for you , so it is better to be over 18 .
To be honest , I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can cook a few good things like scrambled eggs , pasta and meat .
One of my characteristics is that I 'm a very precise person . For example , I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , ends well .
I am 25 years old and I finished my studies in psychology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
As for languages , I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and German fluently and recently I passed the First certificate in English .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with joining a health club .
You will not feel self - confident and happy , but your outward appearance will be better .
I arrived extremely exhausted , because I could n't sleep the night before .
All day I was lying on the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredible time with them .
I 'm Catholic . I believe in God , but I 'm not very friendly with the Vatican 's rules .
Travelling by car is so much more convenient if we think about small places such as villages or small towns .
If you consider the chaotic traffic and the long queues to get there and the impact of these factors on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
On the other hand , it is possible to find hybrid cars , but they are more expensive than those that work with normal fuel and , for that reason , this kind of car is not people 's first choice .
Such policies will involve taxes on polluting cars , the increasing of fuel prices and the introduction of benefits for those who opt for more environmental means of transport .
Shakespeare provided everything the people asked for --- laughter , romance , and tragedies .
We would buy next , impractical high - heel shoes , which will spend a couple of years in the wardrobe .
The last but not least disadvantage of doing shopping , is that in the mall could prowl many pickpockets , and they could rob us .
Interestingly , the purchase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
However , " Sebu " leads with a purchase price of $ 1,000 .
Whereas " Carda " and " Sebu " score with warranty expenses of under $ 150 .
As a long term investment , I would choose the " Sebus " model even though its purchase price is very high .
Inhabitants can go to the countryside to have a picnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
After natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed on a large scale , there are no close places with beautiful scenery to visit .
The building land is supposed to be their home .
It will save lots of plants and animals . It will save the environment , so it will save you and me .
She had a feeling that her birthday would n't be ordinary .
Firstly , just after she went into school , they greeted her with a million colourful balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
Eventually , they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexpected .
In my opinion , I recommend you to stop going to sports classes , because I think music classes are better , because you can also get a job in an orchestra or something like that .
Ever since a curse was put upon Ailee 's grandmother , the girl has been living a daunting life .
Max was so anxious to see all the different kinds of wildlife .
Halfway through the trip , Max heard a weird noise close by and he decided to see what was going on , but before he knew it , he was all alone .
Max could not have been happier . "
I practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , the way of exercising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
She was a foreign student in Palmira , in the north of Syria .
Then Stefan 's daughter , Aurora , goes to live with three fairies .
The three fairies lead a prince , Philp , to the castle because he has to give the kiss of true love .
After that Aurora does n't wake up .
Subject : Application .
I am writing to apply for one of the camp monitor positions you advertised in last Monday 's Daily News . I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
To begin with , evidently , technological progress has noticeably enhanced quality of individuals ' lives , contributing to the economic growth of numerous nations .
one of the most exciting days of my life was the 23rd August 2014 .
! If , ( one day ) I have the possibility to do it , I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
I mean the timetable punctuality , time interval until the next bus and so on .
It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader in the chemical sector .
Try to be spontaneous and not too sliced .
Do not talk too much , as it is a symptom of anxiety .
I worked on that team more than ten years ago ( new employee recruitment ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to make a good impression .
I also teach children at the age of 10 or 11 how to play it .
" Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose the meat ( pork tenderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chille chipotle with potatoes cambray . "
As a matter of fact , viewers are not able to decide the script , but they can still decide to switch the television off .
I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improve your profits every year .
According to the CDC , the percentage of children aged 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years in the United States .
This means that in the past three decades , obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , asthma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and musculoskeletal problems .
I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids . I 've experienced all kinds of situations , so I think they wo n't be a problem for me .
As I said before , I have young cousins and we meet on Saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entertained .
I 'm also very good at sports . I practise track & field and ping pong , so sports are n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person , so I will be very happy with the accommodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
The cards included the programme of the concert and some photos of children from all over the world .
I did everything by myself because everyone had something to do on their own .
I 've been doing martial arts for eleven years but I haven't lost the passion I feel for it .
Many people today have pets of all kinds .
First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and , much better , is a member of the family .
One more advantage of owning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and caring .
On the other hand , there are a lot of disadvantages to owning a pet in big cities .
Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercise outside and not to be always in an apartment .
I have heard about pets that get sick through living in a small apartment in town , and that is terrible .
In my opinion , it might seem good to have a pet if we take care of it .
All in all , owning a pet in a big city must be done carefully , ensuring all that the pet needs .
In the class , you should take notes and write down what is important . If you have any questions , then you should ask teachers to help .
I really do hope you get used to the neighborhood .
Nevertheless , I would like to improve some skills and although I did very well , I still got confused .
Nowadays , people are aware of environmental problems and they will try to figure out solutions .
Moreover , there will be important technological advances in our lives , like intelligent mobile phones which can help us with day - to - day tasks .
Nevertheless , people try to save money by every conceivable means .
You have all the kinds of German food you can imagine , from sausages with choucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
Most of the paintings and photos are from Germany , because that town was occupied by German people many years ago .
Almost everybody has at some time thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but do we really know all the advantages and disadvantages that it entails ?
It is also said that at the time of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have least difficulties learning and relating with other students because they have got used to it before .
Many automobile companies are working for a new future of automobiles .
Some people argue that this new idea of cars is a milestone for us and it will bring only positive effects with it .
At the moment , people who have got a handicap can not drive a car by themselves .
In contrast , self driving cars are very expensive and many people can not buy one .
Buses are the main transport in my area .
If you are not keen on travelling by bus and you do not want to get the car out of the garage , taxis may be the best option .
Conclusion
The majority of users are young or elderly , since they are n't old enough or they are too old to drive .
This is happening now , and we are not even fully developed in technology .
So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could get to know the signer deeply through the songs which are on this amazing CD .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
However , so many people love having their own vehicle , a car , a bike , a motto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicle is that you do n't have to take a bus , for example , crowded with people , you can go alone in your car , or with whoever you want , but the important thing is that you choose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has its own pros and cons , but in my opinion , the difference between both of these is that in the second you choose your own way .
Guys should not go snowboarding .
Most people eat scrambled eggs and drink a cup of tea .
As usual , I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yoghurt .
In recent years , people 's attitude has been changing .
However , public transport has been criticised more and more in recent years because of its inconvenience .
Therefore , buses do not run as frequently or regularly as they used to .
In the end , the public transport service needs to change to attract more people and to have a brighter future .
The purpose of this report is to inform you about how the city of Granada takes care of the environment .
And there is a big university community involved in recycling .
However , Granada can not be considered as cycle - friendly . There are fewer cycling lanes than in other cities of a similar size .
I consider that Granada scores 6.5 out of 10 for taking care of the environment .
When the weather is good enough , close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and entertainments .
That day was a terrible day for Michael . He woke up and felt totally exhausted after an overwhelming birthday party .
He did not answer at all , besides , he hit the chair near her , and unfortunately , that chair hit her in a serious way .
I think that many google users will be happy if the developers bring more useful information to the main page , for example , weather information , currency rates or hot news .
Moreover , google map service needs some improvements , such as street names , map accuracy and more city panoramas .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery was originally a German - owned brewery which has been brewing beer for almost 400 years .
It contains a little museum which is open for tours .
There you could buy some souvenirs - glasses , bottles , T- shirts , cups and , of course , beer !
They serve all meals in small portions , and they suggest that the servings can be shared , so everybody can try more items from the menu .
As a result of this , many people are trying new options , like car sharing .
I 'm a teenager and nowadays I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something .
In the past , technology was poor and only a few people had a smartphone or a computer .
Here we have some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets and malnutrition …
The lack of a sense of civic responsibility leads easily to bushfire .
Its true attractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is at the pinnacle of Andalusian art , is also its location , which is unique .
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer , I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance , which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gardens , where you can enjoy amazing artists and orchestras in an unrivalled setting .
After that , the printing process comes into play .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means manual checking by special machines and staff , and then they are classified into 3 different categories , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
Namely , Design , Preparation of metal plates , Printing , Inspection , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
process is inspection , where the printed sheets are
If they are not very good , we can destroy them securely . However , a few sheets may be partially damaged . That does n't matter due to the fact that further separation will assist you with getting rid of the wrong sheets .
Remember when in school you learned the three essential things for living ; reproduction , nutrition and interaction ?
Well , humans have become more and more sedentary with the passage of time and have forgotten about interaction and movement .
I might not have the typical sportswoman body type , but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement .
My favourite sport is tennis . Although it is not the only one I practise , it is the one I most like to play .
Apart from obviously having fun and socialising , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
Therefore , in the future , I will keep improving those abilities and become a more organized person .
If you want to start practising this sport , you have to get fit and run a lot because you have got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
Let me introduce myself . I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infrastructure company called Acciona .
I was very surprised to hear that you want to spend your year off from university in my country and I am also extremely flattered .
It 's one of the most beautiful castles , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this country is known for , and that is Dracula .
He was actually one of the rulers of this country and his real name was Vlad Tepes .
And if you want to have some fun too , there are some festivals that you might enjoy .
The biggest one in the country is in the city where I live , so you 'll have a place to stay , and for free .
I hope my advice was useful and I look forward to seeing you next year .
For three years , I babysat my neighbor 's two daughters .
There have been rumors of the construction of a Metro in our town .
The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of public transport in developed countries .
Modern megalopolises are suffering because of a surplus of automobiles .
At the beginning of the 7th century , Cáceres was conquered by the Arabs .
At the end of the 14th century , Cáceres was conquered by the Romans .
Therefore , it is a multicultural and multiracial society .
The center of the historical city is the Big Square . There are mixed Arabs and Roman buildings , and two cathedrals .
My favourite restaurant is Chinese .
In Caceres we can eat Chinese food at Food House .
I love swimming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful , you will feel well after thirty minutes in a pool .
Actually , this sport is very healthy , so some doctors are recommending this type of sport .
Afterwards , I will have the right to take part in the international missions to maintain peace under the patronage of the European Union .
Secondly , I am going to inform you about how our citizens are trying to keep the area clean .
- There are cleaning campaigns twice a year .
- Last year there was a campaign to renew and repair the most attractive parts of the village .
I hope this report informed you fully on the environmental situation in our village .
In Budapest the rubbish is collected separately .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish , and then , it was a really bright summer morning , I saw that the special yellow bin for paper and glass was emptied into the same lorry with the other rubbish ...
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I passed the exam , I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more , both written and spoken .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travelling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a large proportion of society who are sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
It makes my every journey unpleasant and I feel uneasy all the week before the flight .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , especially when we must travel onshore ; then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only on the sea or any sizeable river , the courses of which are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
In general , the facilities are well maintained but the majority of the users think that the installation should be improved in the basketball and tennis courts and maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
The workers are very kind and sympathetic and enjoy teaching .
Disadvantages
Our cities emit too much carbon dioxide , making the earth warmer .
Floods , droughts , and famines . All of these have great effects on humans and animals . For instance , the loss of property , the disappearance of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
Finally , governments should use the space properly , for example , making plans before building buildings , estimating the effects on humans and animals .
I think I could be the right person for this job . I 'm really patient and I really love to be with kids , play with them and take care of them . I always have fun with them .
I also know a lot about cooking because in junior high I took cooking lessons and I learned a wide variety of dishes and snacks .
However , acquaintances of hers , the students at the University , comforted her .
Surprisingly , when you are playing this sport you improve your speed and coordination too , so that could be an interesting reason for taking it up if you are not involved in it .
Personally , what I can say is that playing this sport makes me feel really alive and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it , especially during the World Cup .
Curiously , there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch , because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps you active to keep the level of your game .
It is a majestic castle conveniently located on the river .
First of all , they are supposed to be designed with great care and many considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for bank notes .
Next , it will come to the most important step , inspection .
The next step is the most important and it involves inspection , which means good and bad sheets are separated during this process .
One of the measures that we , as world citizens , can take is to leave our cars at home and start to take public transport or to share cars with others .
This is causing diseases and allergies that are affecting the citizens .
Engineers are studying new engines that are more environmentally friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce the greenhouse effect and pollution .
Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving through cities .
Some of these have the same aims .
Taking public transport can efficiently reduce the emission of carbon dioxide and will help the earth to recover from those disorders .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statement that public transport has no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
It is important when we work or study in international areas .
I think that there are not many disadvantages of learning another language .
Also , I found some books on the internet with Cambridge 's exams .
The Forbidden City , one of the most famous museums in China , has opened its online version to the public , which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flight to Beijing where the museum locates .
Once I visited a museum to find some pictures of cave painting in France , but when I went to France to see the real painting , I found it was more vivid and could show you how great the French cavemen who painted it were .
Admittedly , a museum has its own merits ; it is easy to find on a map and is always emphasized as a symbol of a country .
A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy . We can consider it an economical method .
If you decide to find out some information about a totally unknown country , a museum is not a wise option .
Machines can tell us lots of important information .
The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are like in the American films but they are very uncomfortable .
It would be incredible if you started your trip in Cartagena , which is a Caribbean and tropical city .
We think that it will be convenient for him to apply for a Postdoc position during his military service .
His ideal plan is that he will try to apply for a Postdoc position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing military service ( August 2015 ) .
In terms of protecting the environment , taking public transport may cut down the carbon emissions .
It is urgent timing to avoid the greenhouse effect that people should think about how to decrease the carbon emissions .
There are a lot of places where people are building their houses . Perhaps we will be living under water ?
Many buildings , like skyscrapers suggest we will live in flats which exist above the ground , and that is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with their own source of light which could replace the Sun ?
The marketing department also gave me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook .
In my opinion , the obsession with business transforms society into a ring inside which every man is against his friend only for the sake of an excellent career .
The last point that has changed people 's lives is the tendency to have the same thoughts or the same goods .
Yes , they will , and I hope that we will improve our thoughts and we will have the consciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right to imposing us in the world .
To my mind , the beauty of music does not depend on its varieties .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee jumping , surfing ... You can do different kinds of tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in spring or autumn because in summer it is too hot .
In Extremadura , you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfragüe National Park or Tajo - International Natural Park .
John talked about the serious problems caused by not recycling things like plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of their environment , and all this is causing loads of aquatic animals to die .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at everyday life through different eyes .
There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesting , exhilarating , breathtaking or stunning than taking up this sport .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of the sports which causes an enormous amount of injuries , so it 's necessary to be under the constant supervision of your doctor !
There are a lot of bargains and cheap items on the market , which very often catch our eye , but I definitely want to warn you against them !
The " Mariahilferstraße " is the perfect place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malls .
Especially on a rainy afternoon , the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the perfect way to spend your day .
I 'm also a volunteer for the Red Cross , so I 'm used to looking after children and organising all kinds of events .
We do n't have to think too much about almost anything , needing no person for company since we have all these distracting devices for entertainment and relaxation .
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans . I definitely think that this year of travelling and exploring will be a great way to grow up and meet new people from different cultures .
I worked in the OIL MINISTRY 's central library on foreign scientific books which mainly concerned the petroleum field .
Just do not order the pancakes , because they do really bad pancakes .
There are about a thousand animals and in the middle of it is a gorgeous castle .
Their novels have a lot in common : first of all , the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heights by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , who are always well described , especially on a psychological level . Furthermore , both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
If they want to use it , they should try to focus on getting important information which is beneficial to improving their knowledge .
Nowadays , it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport , but it 's not true at all .
As for the pollution , it could be reduced if people used public transport ; it is well - known that CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transport are 80% less than a car .
They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family without being aware of the fans and paparazzi .
Sometimes , famous people look a little bit different than on the stage and their faces without any make - up appear on the Internet .
As a result of this , many studies have shown that athletes should be motivated to push themselves beyond the record .
You certainly will learn to fail and win , but the most important thing that you will learn is never give up .
It usually starts with small talk or compliments , as at school I was taught that expressing appreciation to people can be a good start of any kind of relationship .
Now the question under discussion is whether public transport has a future as travelling by car is gaining more and more popularity because of its advantages .
It 's not a secret that gas , insurance and repairs are costly .
Safety issues are also very important .
It is obvious that it is safer for the environment than thirty cars with a single person inside .
Moreover , cities ' authorities encourage the development of public transport because it creates employment , lessens the impact on the environment and contributes to road safety .
He knew that Peter was a little bit irresponsible , but he thought that the arrangement sounded perfect and nothing could go wrong .
But there 's something in her big bright eyes , circled with long brown eyelashes and freckles , that makes her appearance unique and causes Tom 's heart to flutter every time he brings to his mind her piercing gaze .
Their transformation from innocent posters to digital screens ranging in size from minuscule to vast has made adverts all - pervasive .
Local people were invited and a talent competition was held .
I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Logical Programming Teaching Group , that , with the local city hall of Araraquara , aims to transform the city into a national technology , research and software producing center , accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and algorithms to kids , diminishing future evasion in many exact science courses .
It was awful .
Thus came the question of what I was going to do next , but I was n't ready to make that decision back then , so with the agreement of my parents , I decided to take a gap - year .
I was going to spend the next 6 months in the United States which actually terrified me .
I also got to know myself better and I have reached a decision about what I want to do next year . I am going to study at the university .
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have free time and they should be able to spend it however they want to , without anyone disturbing them .
The idea of the sublime that Wordsworth had is considered by many as the standard idea of the Romantic sublime : forms of nature that inspire feelings of awe , danger or weakness .
There is also a food court on the third floor , catering to all sorts of customers , as well as a few restaurants on the first and second floors .
Another shopping option is the main street in the centre of Viña del Mar , which used to be more popular in the past , but which was displaced by the shopping centres .
I 've always liked to play with kids and do fun activities with them .
Away from busy and noisy roads , the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels really was for centuries ; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houses and shops in light colours and with old - fashioned roofs .
Travelling across the Atlantic Ocean , for example , requires an airplane or a ship .
Fortunately ,
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing long queues in stores - no matter how unpleasant it sounds , it is the reality nowadays .
Afterwards , some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home , it causes more tension and destroys your mood !
On the other hand , the majority feel lazy and they go shopping just for special occasions , without any rush , they dedicate time in search of fashionable clothes , best quality garments , stylish items .
On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , some special goods , just looking through shelves , trying the garments on , asking for advice , testing products , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase .
Fortunately , this unavoidable part of our lives is not that problematical anymore , as we may experience the pleasures of online shopping without leaving home .
As a shy person , I can confirm the differences between real life and virtual interaction .
I am at home in my lovely house , where I love every detail of the interior , where everything is in its place .
My kids are proud to have parents like me and my husband .
Friends , colleagues , family all those people who were next to me on my way to this wonderful day .
Much shorter than their fellow tennis players , they have always been able to compensate for their physical shortcomings with an extremely good technique accompanied by a strong head .
You must never surrender : until the last ball has bounced twice on the ground , you have to keep fighting , regardless of the score .
Nonetheless , it helps to shape your own personality .
She is regretful because their relationship got worse and it was n't what she supposed it could be .
With this in mind , money would be spent on constructing a running track where no - one would have to worry about traffic or obstacles in their way .
Conclusion
The lecturer 's second argument involves capturing and destroying the toads using volunteers .
One of the main advantages of cultural practices is that they allow societies to maintain their identities and gain economic stability .
My study plan is to undertake a pre - university programme locally to prepare myself for further studies overseas .
It is worth mentioning that schools are considering the environment as part of the education system that should be taught to students .
Trash distribution , using green products that respect the ozone layer , not wasting water and many other actions .
For example , we can take at least one family member with us .
When it seemed impossible to catch him , a girl , who was crossing the street in a wheelchair , crashed into the thief and he fell down on the pavement .
DIY Classes
As most college students will soon leave for university and will live in dorms , without their parents , they are obliged to fix malfunctions by themselves .
It takes a higher level of creativity and spontaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball match , since its flexible rules , no - coach system , intensified relationship between the player and the crowd , and reduced number of participants widen and complicate its field of possible actions .
But still , our customs have evolved a lot .
Due to the geographical conditions where Japan is located in the Pacific Ocean , people here have adapted to eating raw fish and like to offer it as a main dish to serve customers in most restaurants .
Successful communication between different cultures will happen only when we express ourselves precisely and interpret the information accurately .
They are courteous and industrious .
And then everything had crashed .
Michael tried not to think about it and to listen instead to what she was saying ...
Her voice was weak and feeble as she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know , and then I thought ... we always talked about going to India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go to India with me ? "
In the case of politicians , I do n't mind what they do on their holidays , for example , if they work properly when they should .
I think the Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens , so I think we ( as citizens ) have the right to know everything they do if we want .
I had to take care of other volunteers .
Dealing with other people is the hardest part , especially when they 're the same age as you .
When we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside , a car is irreplaceable for families with children or animals .
She used to live in a flat , so she had never discovered how different and beautiful the world was .
Therefore , one should not waste time watching them .
In these cases , TV is undoubtedly bad entertainment .
If you are looking for a film that provides you with suspense and action at the same time , I recommend you to watch " Now you see me " .
So if you enjoy magic tricks , surprises , very handsome actors and splendid actresses , why would you miss it ?
But , let 's face it , doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singing a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
We will be travelling by car to a campsite in Germany .
To help with this issue , the nurse should make certain that Mr. Sharma is comfortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover from his respiratory instability faster ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
Also , I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sights , to feel the culture and speak to nice people !
If you prefer shopping outside , taking a trip to King Street would be the thing to do .
If you want typical souvenirs , you can go to Buckingham Palace , you will find a lot of small shops that sell souvenirs for a reasonable price .
I have a high level of spoken English , as I have been learning it since early childhood .
Companies like Monsanto that engineer plants with sterile seeds , encourage non - sustainable production models that promote the extinction of independent farmers who have to choose between their lifestyle and the new farming era .
In many cases , volunteers are crucial to helping support life , as when meals are delivered to housebound people .
Things gradually improved day by day for a time and my revenues started growing .
It turned out that they sent my work to a few institutes and one of them was interested in me .
When you use a technique or defend against a technique , you control your body 's movement and coordinate them to work at the same time .
I thoroughly enjoyed the lesson and , according to student feedback , so did they .
I suggest visiting the Vatican , as I said at the beginning ; the country inside the city .
On the one hand , I have been learning English for so long that my good proficiency has given me the chance to get a position in an international team .
On the other hand , I have learned French and Spanish just for a few months , because I was curious to learn the official language of the countries where friends and relatives are living .
The writer lets us observe the fear , anxiety and the defencelessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from his comatose state and who has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
In Korea , we have many kinds of work which are related to English , so you can get a job easily .
If you get the internship , you can work as a real businessman .
Sheets in the second group then get separated into good ones , which , together with good quality sheets , enter a process of packaging and distribution where separate notes are cut and finally enter the market , and bad ones , which go to disposal with bad quality sheets , where both groups get securely destroyed .
First of all , let me tell you the advantages .
She nodded and made another effort to look around .
The other person was n't convinced , however .
" He made sure his voice was heard on the streets , to reaffirm his social position .
The couple nodded and showed the ID of the man from the other city .
The receptionist nodded and conducted both to the main hall .
It is in these moments that I give it my all and realize that all the practice I had really paid off .
I am a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person , and I am also a very responsible person , able to deal with small and medium groups of children , and for this reason I consider myself as suitable for the position advertised .
First of all , in this film you do n't see a gangster Al Pacino . It 's about a retired army colonel who suffers from loneliness and depression .
There is a great public transport system .
He used to dream about him coming into his bedroom , laughing out loud , showing off his sharp teeth , threatening him with the most horrible punishments .
Secondly , public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus , thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the environment .
Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the deadlines , the exams , and other stuff that force you to get things done , and , as a consequence , teach you to be a responsible person , which you will need to be when you get a job , you will simply be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you should never take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need to , due to fatigue or for some other physical or psychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in a useful way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intellectually or doing whatever you think can enrich your life .
I like to believe that , like the old Latin proverb says ( and I have already said this ) , there will be glory at the end to the man who endures hardships on his path .
I hope you do n't think that sharing these thoughts with you makes you my new best buddy .
I am writing in reply to your advertisement published in the local newspaper for the vacancy of Junior Chef .
Moreover , I am currently undertaking a Chef Training Course which provides me with not only practical but also theoretical knowledge .
Furthermore , I always try to maintain a positive attitude towards my responsibilities and sort out any problem that may occur .
I have fond memories from my childhood . She was always cheering me up when I was in sad or difficult times , even when she was not feeling well .
Dancing requires a lot of things , like coordination , flexibility , and physical fitness , just to mention a few .
This can range from the rules your parents have set for you , to the laws created by the government .
And , of course , to add an extra activity to my CV as I usually do every summer .
I must say that not all of them are very easy to work with .
However , I must agree that travelling by car can give you more freedom , you can carry your shopping and pick up other people on the way .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour , and celebrities are aware of the fact that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in someone 's private life , when the person does n't want it is basically a synonym for trespassing .
If there is any problem with the cash register ( very common , actually ) , you have a phone number under it of a good technician .
He was following an important European summit on environmental issues .
Such an experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people 's lives and their surroundings .
- access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of your own car ; though initially it might look like a huge investment of money from the community , in the long term it shows itself to be the most efficient way to travel !
This kind of action , when performed collectively , requires coordination of efforts and an ability to work together , two qualities that are frequently forgotten in our individualistic world .
If you play football , you know how to act when in a team .
Also , football is a physical game .
In times of escalators and cars , it is refreshing to find an activity that involves movement , velocity and strength .
In fact , it can be argued that the human virtues are a by - product of conflicts and fights ; that they are those character traits that we acknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a competition , be it for a trophy or for a country .
In a club , you will find professional advice and also as many people as are necessary for a match .
My name is Aly Meeuws . I am 16 years old . I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future , so this would definitely be a great experience for me , especially for my English and being away from home .
Besides that , I also really enjoy cooking with my mom at home , so working in the kitchens would not be a problem at all .
Finally , it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technology .
Namen and Kinnison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the three types of social interactions that social networking enables include ( 1 ) creation of an online identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationships between users , and ( 3 ) development of layered communities defined by the lists of connections each user establishes " .
On the other hand , on Facebook , people can share pictures , videos and thoughts without restrictions .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA have used Facebook to share a video of a felony with the expectation of identifying the suspects , and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in response to the publication .
For example , while women think about millions of things like what they want to do or have to do during the day , men just do not think about anything and can be like that for hours , just with a blank mind .
I also learned that it is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man 's mind , and depending on her , he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help and be an honorable man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
Women do not know their importance for the future in their own homes .
I found this movie both exciting and emotional . Both thumbs up for me !
We regularly organise film projections and discussions around a subject related to the film .
For example , with every film seen , our students have the chance to practice their language and to develop their own opinions , particularly as we always have discussions around a subject related to the film .
Also , our monthly speakers are excellent . For example , last year we invited a well - known actress , Janet Hewitt , to share some of her experience on Broadway .
Unfortunately , organising these kinds of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough .
Being founded in 1920 by our well - known alumnus , John Carter , the English Language Club is the oldest club in our college .
The fact that everyone from the community can participate in our events helps us to develop a positive relationship between the college and the community .
We hope you will be able to take all this into account and will find it possible to help us continue and improve our club by funding us .
It was a hot summer 's day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , to buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes from the cleaners . Everyone except Peter .
In her left hand there was a large steaming cup of coffee that landed on Michael 's new shirt when he bumped into her .
One second later , Michael was covered in coffee , burnt and sticky and his mobile phone screen was winking until it finally turned off with a dying flash .
In this article a teacher reflects on his experiences of creating plays and using them to help motivate students to develop their English .
The most effective way is to practise every lesson for ten minutes at the beginning and end .
Some learners will not want a speaking part . You could even ask them to be promoters .
Also , they can see how much language they can produce .
Regarding my academic experience , I am currently completing my degree in Primary Teaching and Psychology at the University of Valencia , Spain , where my current speciality is misbehavioral children .
So far , I have received excellent grades in all subjects , and I am on course to graduate with distinction at the end of the semester .
Enclosed you will find photocopies of all relevant certificates .
It was from the most dangerous and terrifying gang in the village .
That was the first crime I committed and here I am now , in jail .
If you like animals , you 'll enjoy seeing those beautiful horses running and jumping as fast as they can .
However , I personally think that it should not be regarded too critically but should only be handled responsibly , according to one 's personal needs .
Before the trip started , the company who decided to make this trip said that everything was perfectly calculated so that it was impossible to have any kind of problem with the spacecraft .
When you are sitting in the plane next to your instructor , with your legs hanging and your arms crossed … It makes an indescribable impression on you .
And obviously , you should n't be afraid of heights to enjoy skydiving fully .
My colleagues are nice but the management are terrible and recently I just stopped talking to them .
Perhaps it is not their fault that this entire operation is so dysfunctional .
In these cases , journalists themselves should realize that they are taking it too far and that they should respect them a bit more .
During this period , the town has seen extensive growth in residential areas and local amenities , and the modernisation of leisure facilities .
She was walking around the city thinking about the job she just got .
Everything was looking perfect and it was something she enjoyed doing before the accident took place .
This is an easy word to understand , but it hides more than the definition says .
I have 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand named companies : " Barbie " , " The Children 's World " , " My Toys " . In these companies I was engaged in the advertising of toys .
These images became the subject of Feurer 's eponymous book , lavishly illustrated with 175 photographs , illustrating his five - decade - long career .
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the wishes of the students who took part in the survey that was conducted last week in our school .
Improvements to socialising opportunities
Modern life orders our days and weeks in a packed schedule of activities : job , children , housework , fun , free time ...
By the time he arrived at the riverbank , some of his colleagues were already digging the ditch .
I remember the warmth of twilight , which lures you to the heart of this town .
I remember children , running about the small squares in front of the cathedrals ; elderly people in wheelchairs ...
Nevertheless , when you are learning a language , it brings confusion .
As a consequence , he had no money to pay for a sod , so he was thirsty all morning .
Tom was getting really anxious , worrying that he would never make it back to his job . At 2 pm , the flight arrived .
Also , in Red Square one can see the Mausoleum , which is can also be called one of the symbols of our capital and the country .
A curious fact is that , out of the five most popular sports in the world , only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that 's exactly what sets it apart from the others .
While watching or playing any kind of sport , there 's nothing worse than a team or a player trying to waste time until the clock runs out , the game becomes dull and boring and you ca n't enjoy the excitement that only the up - tempo style of play can provide .
The bottom line is ; a fast - paced game is a much more exciting experience for players and viewers than a slow paced one and that makes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desirable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations , and the combination of the two is the only way to success . So if you want to be a good player , you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and survey the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you .
The " 10,000-hours rule " is said to have a scientific basis , in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that established it .
A network developed from the South of France to Switzerland , especially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
But now , they have told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Israel for what they did during those hard times .
As the population grows exponentially , the resources fail to do the same .
The hard truth is that until someone has to face the situation himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain oneself from wasting energy , food , materials , water ...
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay . You will see some of the most popular places in this beautiful country .
Kyiv is a good destination for shopaholics .
The best manufacturers of clothes , linen , accessories have their shops there . Jewellery and watch shops can also be found nearby .
Different shops will offer a wide range of goods and impress with interesting design ideas and unique styles .
Even though their relationship was of the quarrelling type , everyone around them , friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair were as solid as a rock , and despite the ups and downs , love had always won in the end .
First of all , the biggest problem is that the world 's resources are extremely unequal .
Secondly , with the increasing of the earth 's population , the areas of farmland are also decreasing .
People in economically developed areas are in pursuit of the perfect life and the people in undeveloped areas are starving .
Grandma 's wrinkled face can be horrifying at night .
