I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the certer of the city which is surrounded by a park .
There are a comercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kind of establishments : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , groceries , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
Consequently , I realized that although ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed the best breathing pure air and taking pleasure the countryside .
The best place for young people in our aree is without doubt the lake .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
Leaving my country , Soamlia , was very hard for me .
But when I was there I began to make new friends that I never thougth I was going to have , and I never thoungth the way that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
We went to play to Acapulco , to an event that unuversities from Mexico go and present like cultural activities .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there that was an incledible experience that I will never forget .
Using public transport can be not easy , because we have a strict time and normally we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely desconfortable .
One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but the public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantange are not so good actually .
The history took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by the doctors and cientifics .
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .
If we are working with sameone in the same jobs , and who lives near or he is our neighbour , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oil .
The governents are also important for taking care of the environment .
In total they were 32 pelople , a white kittie and a dog .
That night , the dog , the kittie , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
When Michael get up in the morning , he realize that his kittie had disapeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
He thought that the dog had eaten the kittie during the night , so he shouted to Tom , open the door and went away .
For those people , who want to start to exercise the street workout I 'm advising to start with basic exerscises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
Edison said to created the first comercially practical incandescent light .
Edison and his research team did his discovery comercialy and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow drowers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
Managemant acountant practice is very important for organization to making decision about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do anything such as propaganda to the people in the country, ... about my village , we use banana leaf stead of nilon , garbage desposal sensibly ... and so on .
Are you studing mathemathics for your exam ?
I 'm a happy , energtic person who likes to work with children .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I thing that it have no cure , it was called " The Monsteration Infectations " .
The scientists are trying to make a cure for the Monsteration Infectations , but they still do n't have it .
I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activities for that reason I have taken some English courses many years ago .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
Currently I 'm working like teacher at the university and to teach in English have been my gol .
I work too like free lance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my incons .
I 'm writing now without knowing dictionary and making this composition without traduction from Espanish ( I hope jajaja )
I hope you can help me undesrtand more about how improve my English level and develop my skiils
Thank for you attention , and I 'll wait for your advaice , ( that is my first time writing over 50 Word )
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give stimolous for consumers .
I know that I have not wraithen it but I have a brother .
I like to talk English at school too but my friends do n't like when I talk it in school so I talk Swedish ther .
My fewrit lechon is the Swedish lections because that I like to write histories .
My family livs in a
How are you ? I am going to describe me so you will be able to reconize me when we meet at the train station .
If I am right continou reading this .
I applied in one music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage is working .
What was mny job ?
See you arrond
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate in my home , with my familiy anda some friends .
This summer was the best I went to cuchilla alta with my best friends their name are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Lucía .
I like English because it is very important to know other langeuge to communicate with other people and ir I go to another country it is very inportan to know English .
We got work at four in the afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off that I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met hansome guys .
You see man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefere to travel by tram .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but construc of seaport and airport must with congenital condition .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythmn of the music lowder and lowder , this gives me high energy each time I went spinning .
To conclure , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there are no doubts that the public transport system would be less convenient than travelling by car .
First , the bank notes should be considerated how to design included background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then , they are supposed to prepare a skiled machinists .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separately and packed into cars in order to dispatach all over the city .
I believe that use your car has a lot of advantages or benefits , it is more comfartable and less expensive .
Yoga calms und vitalizes body and mind .
And the government , pls do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
To begginers in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
May be they are comfortable , teribble , essay , dengerous or avrage .
Cars and buses become dengerous and make Problem in the street .
She turned her haid and saw him " he was fowling me " she thought"well , I should ask him what are he doing here "
First of all , finishing high school is a passege of life that indicate the begnin of a new chapter for the students .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you won a bagage of knowledge , culture , discorves and , with all of this , you won personal experencie .
The job , provides , as well the trip , responsibility and experencie .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are old to study in a uniersity .
Beside that , they have differents points of view in many sublects , that is why they may don ' like the fun and the conversation in the social life with the other students .
They can not enjoyed this chapter with oung and fresh thoughts .
It is a great dedcision , that bring great consequences and great experencies .
AAs an example if a student need to recuperate a subject or have to take a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
They will consider you as a indpendent people .
Accrodingly , You take responsibitity for what you done .
I am ovewholemed with grief , living with them .
Eating habit in my country really has changeged in the last ten years .
it 's r is n't clear complety , but I sopuse it depends on chenging habit of life in developing process of our sosiety .
But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
However travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not such convenient as getting a car , but you would never know what can happen with your car , where it will stuck or some of other accedient will happen .
Travell plan need to depend on public transport time .
Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hikking .
Tom is sutding in London .
Alrough Canada is an English country however in Montreal , the offical language is Freach .
So I do not have opptunity to practical English Because most of my colleagues speak French .
I was inspired by a true ledgend , his name is Edan Hazard .
that fact behind sense because maintainance of public transport is not responsiblity of traveler .
if we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is most need service in big city as well as small villeges .
I 'm sure i 'll agree that the Red Square is the most popular sight in captial of Russia .
I remember two contrats moments : One day we had to create a team to make an exercise which used brain , they chose me .
The reasons for stress are more diverse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplems or because we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
Remmeber the stress is not lasting thing , and you can avoid it
In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are seperated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from going into the market .
Many people believe that nowdays there is no future in public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the tought that they do help for example for travelling for long distance .
The ticket does nt cost to mutch and it is avaible for the majority of the people at least comparing to buying a car .
Secondly , public transports are more eficent to travel for long distance than cars and people would nt have to purchase combustible .
When people are avaible to tavel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , wicth is a public transport , to complete the journey because the have tu cross oceans and clomplicated distances that have different landforms .
However , a car is something witch is from the person and he can do wathever he wants and find it in the same way he or she left it , and sometimes public sports are nt left in the best way .
In addiion , you have to share with people you absolutely do nt know and probably wo nt see again .
But , by obseving all these people you can rich yourself with different cultures and manners the other have and incorporate new topics .
That was my first time on holiday in another country that was n't nourth Italy .
We fisited a lot of monuments , museums and churces , like the Louvre with the Monalisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
It depends five main steps which include desigh , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and distraction or disposal depends on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinsts .
If it 's good , packing and distributin whereas the others shoulde be distroyed as well .
In conclusin , the whole part of process is an unreversed schedule .
It cosumemed the power which contained the humanity and machinic .
To begin with is design , we are able to considerate backgroud colour , artwork , and security issues , and then , we are supposed to preparing mental plates , such as skilled and machinists .
Secondly , printing -- including sheetsof bank notes , printed(50 bank notes per sheet).There are some requestion -- colour on both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
In the end , if it is a good sheet , the porcedure is packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .
If it is a bad sheet , the porcedure is disposal --bad sheetsand bank notes should be securely destroyed .
And then he realised it was an enourmous , lion .
But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum."Max where are you ? " she screamed , the lion dissapear in one second , running .
Max spend the rest of the day thinking in that lion until he got into his room."what an mazing day ! "
the most diffucalt area in English I suffer from is the writing .
I have no issue in reading speaking or lesining .
As part of my plan to improve the English skils , I decieed to search on the internet for any free program which can help me for the improvement plan in the English writing .
Trieste is a little town situated in the nord - east of Italy .
So the ambiental impact is very attractive .
Another problem is that the citizen of Trieste do n't pay attention at the ambiental problems of their city .
I think it would be important that , not only in the family , but also in the school could be grow a new generaion sensible to ecological problems of the earth .
I usually go two days a veek but the henxt month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to be a local competition .
It emerged that that young boy have a good head for fishing and now they are always go to the fisihng together .
I like running , ride my bike , playng football , skiing at winter , climbing , etc .
I like football because it is a sport that I practiced from small and I think that is the team sport more fun and exciting .
Amount of garbage is encreasing at the same time with encreasing amount of humans .
The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to encreasing consumption more energy , water and other sources .
Nowadays our local governmet is making some desisions for improving the situation .
There are a lot of citizens movement except oficial activities .
People orginise common action for cleaning nearhouse territories .
These activities especially have a place in spring and in outumn .
Everyone is circious about making bank notes .
The bank notes is designed considerately , workers need to design it backgrounds coler and artwork .
Then , the notes will be prepared with metal plates .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and it will images sightly raised .
Good part of them will be packaged and disturbed .workers wll cut them and deal with them carefully .
Rest of them will be disposaled .
I think that Cádiz is perfect place to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , and mountais .
In Cádiz , in summer there are a lot of oportunitis to work .
I hope I will get me order and I hope you eill be more on time for the costumer order shipping .
These people can influence in our life for example , if you have a bad friends you become a bad person and you will have probles in your live.so , your education depends on the people around you .
In general , people have the possobility to study in libraries or using the computers .
Personally , I think studying on a computer it 's a better chooise .
We need to do something to sabe the world !
I think they are our first friends and our first confidents .
Thionk about family 's routine .
Brazil and Nederlands games were a real test for our health .
And I think that iy 's not a technology will change but the people and their caracteres themselves .
Unfortunaly , for this generation there wo n't be a real relationship , all relation will become a virtual relationship .
According my experience , if we do n't exagerate the way we use technologie like internet , phone , satellite .
For example , now the high - heeld shoes is very trendy but it costs a lot and the most woman does n't look good in it .
Transportation is one of the most essential part of our day to day life ; whether it is puplic or private , transport takes the same priority in each one 's life from the very early days .
In the age before the industrialisation came in to exsitance , people were also using various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
Then the technology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transport more convinient .
continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for perservation thereof park
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the big ben that is the most beautiful bullding in all its splendour when I will take pictures
later , I 'll take the underground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm trawiling in it
My favorite band is " cbjr " , its a brazillian band , the type of music is rock and rap , yours music are very easy to single .
i used to play it with my frindes .
we won the 1st position , and got the cup of competition.if anyone attends to play this game , he should practice hard to be able to play it proffesionaly .
To sum p I thonk it is enevitable .
He loved rose with his entire soul , a soul that is losting .
Suddely , he took the agreement and signed with his blood the paper .
Do you know new recet for cooking chicken ?
Our town takes care of the enviremont of our neighbourhood very seriously .
Not only the supermartket has these containers , they are also in the schools of the neighbourhood .
In my opinion this gives a good example of the involness of the local government .
The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three matters : sovenirs , fashion and food .
Fortunately , visitors would find all of that in the Tourist Information Ofiice and in shops on the outskirts .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer and always help me with all my professional problemns .
However , a few years ago the government has paid more attention to the environment to our country ; for example they made a lot of advertisement on televion , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that the rubbish is not good for our world .
At the castle is Holy Trinty Chapel .
The famous dishe of this restaurant is a huge hamburgure
So , train is intermidiate way to tarvel .
I am writing to aplaay for the job in the USA , published in an advertisement , last Monday .
Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities private cars are more attractive for most poeple .
Some people say that a tripp by car is more convenient that by the public transportation , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
In conclusion , for me it is a lie that the public transportation has no future , however , they have to make improvements to this like the use of better ways of fuel or energy , one way is using renovable sources of energy such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Also there are biodisel , and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
Dear Anne . Thank for your letter asking about my fmily and my Friends .
When somedoby to get at home he wants only relax in front of Television .
Besides this , Tvs companies have understood sports provides this relaxess moment , mainly for men .
In this view , I consider , though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they are not too much , because the people have looke for it .
When the day came , we performed an amazing coreography and we went back home with 3 gold medals .
This American band is known for their lyrics that hold something different from other the bands something close to a emocional statement .
My techer said that public transport has not future in our society , because travelling by car si so much more adecuate , never the less I am disagree with her opinion because if we use public tranposrt we will pollute less .
Without travelling people would be very bored , life would be very monotunes .
Nowdays people are using cars alot .
In the past , it was n't like that , people had not had cars , they were only rely on puplic transport .
There are a few people are using puplic transport , like students and someone had low income.in my veiw , i can say might be the puplictransport going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
He has been done several laws again Spanish citiziens .
I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
Human are looking for a power and they are applying forest law , The stongest beat the weakest .
whare the critria of this ranking ? and ...
Chemical drugs can help peolple to heal and improve from diseases but have another hidden effect .
Therefore , The afformentioned information above show that our future can be worse than our present .
Should live in stabele and peaceful world .
Nowadays , people use their cars to move for work , for holidays ...... but if the petroleo were cheaper , they could travelled very much .
After preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bank .There are three requirements fot it : colour on both sides , special ink and images slighty raised .
It smelld terrific , and teasted so good .
It was panncakes and egg with bacon .
After that i polyeder with my brothers out in the garden .
They usaly do n't wan to be with me bit today we played all day long .
It was so funny and i could n't stopp smilling .
He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologysed for her attitude
It will be not tredy because everybody will have his own car .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause an dipendence , cartoons and " stupid " program can damage mostly young people .
Today there are many children that have the dipendence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various child tv programs , while once our parents preferred hang out with your friends .
Television can be a useful strument if it is used with caution , accordingly I recommend use less it for prevent damage to the mental level .
In order to help reduce contamination I take acction from the three " R".reduce , reuse and recycle as so I am more and more ecofriendly .
I reduce use of innecesary power at home , in other words , I turn on light that I need for the while i use it;I take less warm shower ; I hit only neccesary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all thing reusable , for example , plastic bottle as a plant pot ; glass bottle as a food container;I bring my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a shopping plastic if a salemen offer me to bring .
the car is less expensive , more confortable , more fast and more security .
For example travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plain is faser .
On the other hand it helps to reduce the polution made by cars , ..
The picture illustrate the progrocess of making notes .
Then , preparation of mental plates and skilled machinists are the needments .
If the print sheets has good quality , they will packing and distribution.some partially damaged will cut into separate or packede or dispatched .The bad sheets will disposal , the destroyed will be secure .
So it is not always a good thing , unless they are open - minded or have their own methods to punish you in a gentil way that wo n't make you regret telling them your faults or mistakes .
I felt that I could lose my consciousness , that 's why I removed a braclet .
I am glaed to hear frome you .
I am 24 years old I am frome Lviv Ukraine .
My hobbies are footbal and gym .
I am stydying envaermantal saents .
Now , in order to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely and little town , but there is one place taht is special for me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
It is a veri quiet place , because of its location , in the middle of the forest , only a few people know how to get there .
It is an invledible forest place , the ground is full of low grass and there is a little river where you can swim , is is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
That is all I can tell you about this place . I hope tath my answer will help you with your project .
What is your last neame ?
I say to people that want tay this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you can have health problem , for example you can have problems at hands , at the neek and at legs .
Emily knew she would have to come to a decisión son .
the problema for Emily was that his boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
she thought he was so bored , but she did n't want to be alone.she did n't know how to live on ther own and Emily was utterly frightened to be alone .
The purpose of this report is that people would become more aware of the significance of taking care of the environment in order to erradicate this issue which is having serious consequence nowadays .
The council is carrying out a project in order to erradicate the rubbish in my town .
To combat the distriction of enviornment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
Nowadays , many trees and grasses are damaged in many countries , lots of building are constricated .
And people should pay attention to this problem and try to slove it .
For instance , people need to many places to build the modern society , so they fall down lots of trees , burnning many glasses .
Another factor that the animals are not control themmselves to eat the plaints lend to distriction of ecosystem .
Althought this change lend the life of people efficient , the problem should not be ignored .
It would really be helpful if the government make tighter resrictions , in today 's world , lots of constrication companies and factories are not admission , they are destroyed the forest , farmland and wetland , charging waster water and emitting greenhouse gas , it lead to a serious enviorment problem .
Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expesnes we encounter .
The other benefit if taking public transport is less people are taking cars reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environemnt .
karate is one of the best sports i have ever enjoyed in my life .One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's means of tamming the mind and the body .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teaes me , and to be alert as well .Also , it helps to look always slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well .People who want to start playing karate have to be patient .
They should emerse themselves in daily exercises as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active .for instance , it 's adviced to eat great amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
My favorite sport are football baskeball Formula One and Tennis .
For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which measns burrett train is famous and very fast .
" Blue train " which has many beds in train and we can sleep comfortabully in train .
Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable conpared to plane .
TTravelling by train is cheep and getting chicket is easy for us in our country .
And terolism is scare also .
The plane which travel from Egypt to Russia was explosed by terolist in last month .
What did you do yestreday ?
I 'm nineteen years old and from city but i living at domitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
When I am running , all preesure I undertook has gone .
We have Eather first than people thanour house .
Eather is our home , we all have to protect it .
But now people are distroy it .
Just for mony for more house but if we destroy it we will all die our money will gone our house will gone we will have nothing .
Beside some people destroy farland to build houses but if one day there is no farmland than what should we eat?Nothing at that time we can eat nothing!So what should we do ?
So my idea is aii the coutries allthe people stop to use farmland , forest andwetlang to build houses grow more trees portect our world , our homestar !
The lecture desagree with the paragraph , suggesting that the mention test developed by Alan Turing do not respond the mainly question : Can the computer think ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " that propose a challange to prove that the Turing 's test was not conclusive , than he create a paradox .
He selected people to into in a chinese room , there was a computer in chinese language with diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not understand what was in the computer screen .
Science , I just remember I always liked a car race , but one of my frevourite is a Formula 1 .
Formula 1 seson starts at erly spring and ends with a late autumn .
I try to watch every race every fournight and training a day before the race .
Ferrari making one of the fastes cars on the word , but this seson they are not so fast on the Formula 1 trac , how they were in the past .
If sameone like cars then should go to Formula 1 race to hear the bolid engine sound , I think that is the best voice which I have ever heard in my life .
The son of Lucy and her husband one day he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a game , he make five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had been generations of gods so he started throwing that for play , one time that he take the jewelry , it consume the mind of the little guy and that cause that the jewelry liberated some sounds that only giants can hear so a mountain stand up that was the face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
I hope to enjoy your trip in Seoul till you left our contury .
England do n't have enithing you are the worst and more horrible country in the universe .
With reference to recent advertisement about ' USA CAMPAMENT SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position for the job in the campament .
I think so I am the suitable candidate for this job , because I like the children and I have experience babaysitting also I work very well making the food .
It presented a politician , an economist and two envirementalists .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because the teen could get into trouble with the law , the teen could cause harm themselves and others and can have a higher risk of alcohol dependancy later in there lives .
This is an interested question becaus I beleive that my family is my best friends but at the same time they are not my friends .
My family is my best friends because they realy takes care off me when I needed them to .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
I have praticed swimming for 3 years , I am a good swimmer and I have competed in differents tournament of swimming .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because He was the best swimmer in the world and I hope that He returns to olyimpic games at Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
My favorite style is the butterfly and I always pratice this style because I want to improve .
Althouth public transport is cheep and more enviermental , they are not so flexble or comfortable as the car .
Exept for the big cities the public transport is not an easy way to move trohout the city , that means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
The first step , the bank notes should be desinged concidering some constructions , like background color , artwork and security issues , After it was prepared , skilled machinists would make preparaation of metal plates in the second step .
And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which would be cut into and separated into equal ones andpacked and depatched to where they are demanded .
In today 's class , we were discussing about wheather or not we agree to the common enourmous payed salaries of fooball Players .
For me , as a passionated Soccer Player , it is a good Point to consider .
I recommand to the Clubs , be warned .
By this aciton a Ronaldo or messie can be payed and it is possible to buy the best Team fo the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the Moment .
This makes Football or Soccer ever more equisite to a certain Group of fans - Hooligans .
But if the Prices will be to high , no onw would visit the games anymore .
First I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of kinds of food , in fact in my last trip to Japan I learned to cook shushi .
one day Micheal wanted to go out from his home so he called his besfriend an suggested to go out togther , his friend agreed , so Michael weared his closes , wnet out and closed the door but at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .
when he get back to the home it was late and the metting was canceled
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have been travelled for all the world and in this experience , I have seen in the necesity on work to fiance my journey , so the I have dedicated to work on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience in this .
so in conclusion , I think that if you contract you , you will get an axcellent people and an excellent worker
In my opinion the public trasnport is more expensive and it is less comfortable that the car , because the car is faster that the public transport .
Online Lerning
Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
Negaticvs about the online lerning are dat your not listening to much from ea real person and more from a Computer , if you do nt have any listening things in the app you do nt lern how to pronounce the words . in my personal obinionits better to lern froma teacher not only dat you lern to pronounce the words correctly you also lern from a personwhat is in my opinion way better i thin k we spend enougth time on smart phones so i do nt think its the best if we use them to lern as well .
For words i think its perfect but all the grammer and talking i think you need a teacher .
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example sfter School .
Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building house , which accour for some debation .
Apparently , it is a good thing , because it is a significient symbol for the development of a country ; however , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of probems .
In a word , the government may appeal in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only facus on personal profit .
It happened with me once and was very unconfortably .
Another very commom risk is to fall on the square which can cause dangerous scratches .
It is very nice that you remembe me .
All this started on Juli .
I needed money which I can spedn during study semestr .
I konw that you are like me .
Best wishes your broo Bartek !
In later time , society feel the need for change about iniquities that pass in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building is abandoned because the government and country do nt have money for construction , to the point the building metal estructure was used as weapons .
They even asked me , I wanted to go with who , they grabbed my hands , wanded me go themself , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't decide a choice , my father and my mother saw I cry , decided not keep going , and they saied sorry to each other and me .
Nowadays I usually went back to the swimming pool in the weekens .
" So many friends learend to swim .
Then , the metal plates are preparated by skilled machinists .
The next called partially damaged shees , and bank notes separaed into good and bad , good sheets will be cutted into separate bank notes and packed , the bad one will be destroyed by fair .
This a method of making bank notes , and the operater should pay attention to the printed sheets how to inspect .
On the top of the steps is the inspectation by hands , that is to say , they should be separated into well - qualified ones , which are to be cut into bank notes , and delivered to the banks and the bad ones which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the last stage .
Actually I realize that busynes is not for the major , everybody know Tec is very demanandant and if you wanna be there you must work hard .
I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administrator when I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a sports company lik UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
Aisha is in his therties .
She 's from Marocco , so she has Arabian features , for example , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and black expresives big eyes .
Moreover , it is more approppiate to start constructing roads which were convenience for the majority .
first my favorite sport is futboll and i like for many reasons for example while you are watching a match you 're going to feel exited and entretaining besides that fubol has the best fotboll player than ever who is leo mesy he 's the best and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playing .
The company responsible for rubbish collection collects of the garbage , already separated by the families , and afterwards does the recicling .
In spite of the informative sessions about the enviorenment , organized by the Mayor for all of the residentes , it also has lots of staff that cleans the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the world a few people telling me that messi is the best player but i feel angry when i hear that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best player one day its like a dream to me .
last night we went to the swimming pool it was a little bit cold but we liked so we went to the pool and srated to swimming i know how to swim very well but she does n't she has to have a support otherwise she ca nt .
If you want to visit me you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participiate .
To answer your question , I can not attend the party beacuse I do not like theese kind of parties , but I wish you good luck!Almos
Indeed all the indicators show that humain behavior will not change at least in the following decades .
The way of livng change everyday : if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' life , we notice many differences .
Above all they talked more : we live in the era of the telecomunication and none could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
Moreover also simple things are changed , for example the food we eat : some times ago everythingh was natural , healthy ... but now everyone eat always " junk food " and thinghs like that , which are completely unhealthy !
About the foods , I imagine a future society in which restaurant wo n't exist : people will eat only junk foods and food , which has been prepared before , food in tin ... so all unhealthy thinghs , which will cause many problems .
But the phobias are which we experience that are life - threatening and they can distrupt everyday life , but people can get over with the right sort of therapy .
So if we want to live a life which is n't controlled by our fears , we must try to be more objective and pay mre attention to the real dangers .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediatly put on her coat .
She went to his parents house because they sent her an email that said that his father is okay after the oparation .
tube and train , but is there a future for it or not ? , I am going to respond this question giving disadvantanges and advantages and finally I give my personal opinion .
Secondly , Public transport is more ecological and less polluted with the enviromment , so as it is producing less polluted fume , and many of them use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than never before , cities contains more automoviles and the pollution is worse , we need to change our mind , and try to use them as other alternative to improve the enviromment of our cities .
Some bus have special and preferencial sit to old people .
Many car is poluent for planet and is alergic to people .
The train do n't have poluition .
will be more heauthy .
I suppose their lifstile intolerable , resteless and I really sympothise with them Magotity of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of shortage of ptivate lifetime perpetual attention .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities bit through thick and thin they go on .They archieve the goals made exceptionally in sake of money and vanity .
In itself , the film did n't have an especially topic , but I can describe it like friend 's film as appears lot of laughts , jokes , and it reflected that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
The public transport most used in Toluca is el bus because it is the most cheaper , but it is very bad and unsafe , the qualiti of it is very bad , the buses are old and obsolete these have broken windows and old and broken seats .
The service is very bad the drivers are very angry and stressed out these do not lead with cauition , in Toluca exist report of high rates of accidents by buses .
i think if the goverment do the best work about the transport , they can save it .
it is true the car is more confortable , but it uses a lot of mineral recurses like petrol wich can contaminate the ambient .
i do nt think the public transport does not have future , there are a lot of people who can not buy a car and has to use the communite transport .
Internet is a useful means for everyone , so we are getting on with distant friend , and we look for important information when we are studying or entretainament themself .
First of all , I am going to talk about adavantages and disadvantages for this topic .
First adavantage , is Interent too much quick , for example when you want information about something .
Second advantage is Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .
According to disadvantanges , at present , childs are aways playing with his computer games and mobile phone .
To sum up Internet is an progress more important in the world , but too there are a lot disadavantages and advantages .
In my point of view , Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse , so carring out another activities .
Recently I have got a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me ILETs score 6.5 for visa .
Especially some people do n't have a car and some elderly persons difficult to driving a car by themselves , so the public transport helpeing them a lot .
It is why I think public transport is really important for public and there are a lot of important thing is having a possble in the future .
And maybe you became a famous player or a simple player but you feel like a famuos .
I think the sheep should be transfer to a place where is specialty in animal with same condition .
we bocome not only older but also wiser .we learn but the most useful thing to learn is to get in alot of experiences & for sure to make mistakes .but we have to be honest with our selves by admitting our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
Becsuse there is turening red !
As you know , my grandmother actually lives in France with my cousint Jonh , unfortunately he has to make three months course outside of the country , Jonh will leave France next weekend , but instead it is not possible , I have to go and look after her because none of my family ca nt waist three months over there .
Nowadays technolgy is more modern than in the past and people always developing their invention to become more useful .
We as a human who live in these days , we live rely on technolgy , every aspect of our live are supporting by technolgy .
One of the example is television , in the past we use it only for watching news and movie , but as the time goes and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .
Second , tthese days television become modern and it make television can connected with internet .
In conclusion , televeision can entertain and also educate because television programs make it in interesting way .
Footbal is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , but I 'm a girl that sometimes I realize that I know more than some males .
I have recived your letter .
I agree with statement that Mark Twain is the greastest American writer .
When I read his poem " The adventure of Tom Soyer " I was exited .
I usually go to the sea on Sunday moorning .
Firstly , design the bank notes ' backgroud colour it is artwork security issues .
Then the sheets of bank notes printd .Printing colour on both sides and sprcial ink or images slightly raised .
Finally , they found good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheeets or bad sheets .
At the same timebad sheets and bank notes securely destoryed .
Other reason for my opinión is that almost all the people preffer use the visual sense and ear to other person more than write and listen for understand new things .
That 's why I think that it 's a good momento to see the thing through a new glass and that can be a very high opportunity .
Deffinitly , No alwyas , It depend on the kind of programme , but I Think that nowdyas a lot of televisión ofert help to the people develop more effectively .
I Am communicating to you , with the purpose of let yo know that we will set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discuss how we could use social media to improve the Communication with our suplliers , i think a great time for the meeting could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
The purpose of this letter is to notificate you some complaints that some citizens has , this is related why only boys have to be in the draft of military service , and girls does not have to .
however , I just go to the restaurant in special ocassions , such as my birthday or when I pass a exam .
First of all , we should thinking out a design and dicide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw the rubbish at diferents containers .
While I strugged to walk .
Finally , I saw a light to appeare my eyes and I woke up .
Will has people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but has too their people that use television for searchs .
For example , the chanel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of informations of animals and how it lives .
Now a days everybody have conditions to buy a television , so the numbers of the tv viwers get up ; even being poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is in a summy day .
I ca n't pronunciate well .
The home was on a shore.there was a tunnel but it 's hole is in the deep.first he used to be polite and obay the other orders .
Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .
Our city is quite clean and livable , people are more careful than before .
generally we are using criket ground as a oval shape .
I tend to drive with my bicycle from home to work , I do n't used my car or buses for long time , because is not healhty and costs .
A bicycle is for me the best way how we can be do fit and a good condition and also to more less polution without cars .
I switch on a home hiting for a temporary time , when I am working off I used more energy to warmht at home .
We learn to really segreation of waste and in the future how e.g.:we could use second time a same glass .
Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases not privat , but public , and we ca nt say that this kind of transport willl not be useful .
As we are fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , the oil and gass left behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain source for the 18 countinous hours noise .
people , espicially grnerator 's owner , start using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid off as possible as they can from the polution .
Other resedential areas , using their potentialsto maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , having nemourse green spaces .
Also recycling the trushes are a very inteligent way to keep the town clean , and get multiple use of the products in industry lines .
on the Otherhand , eldest people in our city having many socity responsiblties that are encourging the youngest ages to participate in the annual gardening festival , for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
I like the Indian resturants in the city , in addition infrastructure and roads are well orgnaise .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
More environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by takeng care of themthere is to that we have a center of care and , other more institutions , we also make environmental protection centers were people can visit and learn about this to sum up our village is very concentrated on taking care of the natural world that sorrounds us
If you want to have fun you may go to parque de la Costa there are many interesting rolercoasters .
Nowdays , in school we learn a lot of subjects , which we less or more use in our lives , some of them are really important , but some of them are just wasting of time .
When freddy begin to sings the kids screams and they sing with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plays the battery and Chica serves the pizza to the children , This year the stablishment close because they found the body of a dead child .
I think it will be ghanged to be come bubile city and contin more of high building .
If you have a car you would probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who does n't have a car so they are used to go by bus and for them this way of travelling has become more conveniet because they have done it since they were children .
She has twuenty seven dresses of maid of honor , meantime , she call in love with a boy who is very handson , but he is working in a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city , he is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
This history develors a mixture of themes that courage , family values , friendly and love .
In conclusion , if you want to have a good time , you shoudl go to the cinema to see this film with your family , because it is an interesting and emotional film .
Transport polution is one of the most dangerous .
On the one hand that quantuty of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's personal right to have it or not .
Also improving measure might be as an encreasing green areas in cities and towns .
Factories damage nearest areas and water extremaly bad .
In my opinion , firstly , new bilding on the banks must forbidden at all .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more help full for the people .television is also using as a study material for example smart classes ,
saddenly , an old carried a heavy load hit him and fall down .
I suggest everybody having the same evening walking , you need just a pair of comfortable shoese !
Travelling privately makes one free of the issues as harrasment .
I like a lot of activities such as travelling , readillng , play soccer and watch movies .
Besides , public transport will reduce traffice jam .
At the end , the kind of live that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help the people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of live , but this will be only to meke more money and consume more and more , also the things will be faster of waste to make the people to change their apparel more often and create a consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon that armland , forest and wetland is disappearing for some long - term human activities , for instant housing and transport networks is builded by destroying the balance of environment .
Firstly it is clear that more house and transport networks is convenient for our people , what is knowed to us is that the population growth is a big problems , which is needed for more palce to living .
And builing more transport networks is also benifit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can be shorteded our time in traveling.while the animal may not welcome to it ,
She was very shy , sensitive and embarressed .
She has mooved to Kyiv , graduated from university and started to work .
Althought she tried to hide she has become a great and a famous model .
It would be interesting to accompain your best friend or your beloved to enjoy your time .
The surveys were concentraded above all in the construction site of Mapello .
There are many educational programmes which we can get penfit of it .
Nowadays , pollution is a plobelmatic that we have to solve before it gets worse .
As we can see modernization is causing damge in rivers and seas .
While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and after we will travel around my country and we will become a good workerds .
I was really comfortable in my bed i coudnt belive that someone interrupt my calm .
I closedthe door whishing never have to opened again , then i went to the bathroom and took a relax shoower .
I practised danse a long time ago but with ages , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
If I could give advices to new practisers of Pilates , it should be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a goog teacher .
The lake of sleep often maks me ca n't concentrate in class .
And just as I was becoming in a proffesional football player , my right knee injured .
I like that phrase Because The boy was happy becaus he got to
This is for me and many people an excellent actor because his personality is extroverty .
Thank you very much Joe for think in me for to be your witnees , I feel very proud that you think in me for to be your witnees and of course I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
, tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .
your muscule will be hard .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want , is a very good game I think that is the best " shooter " and that " Artic Combat " too is well .
Today is the big day , the day of his apresentation about acid rain and your consequences on nature
Feeling the dramatism and realism of the best known event in Easter , played during nine years by the inhabitants , " The Pasión of Christ " .
Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , besides tasting its exquisit oil .
The first time it 's difficult like other sport because you do n't know and you have to imporve by yourself but if you like it you will find fascinating .
Is thruly that on summer we have to be careful with te hours are too hot and we should avoid .
I am happy to say that I have only positive points to presente due to how wellcome I fell when I arrive at the reception .
Becouse of that , sometimes I feel free to ask them what I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I can just let them do the task I asked them without keeping on watching them .
I like very much to cook and I think that there are some activities that we can do on the kitcken , like to cook cookies or make fresh bread .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen but for your surprise it always turns up for something unexcepted .
Despite the fact that there is n't any holywood star all the characters are played very believable and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .
My fovourite place is the beach that is near , just about 20 miles away from my flat .
In toward to modernization of life and technology the people belief in different perspective about way of life , but majority of ones is totally utopic .
Actually , we have a lot of problem with traffic : lots of cars in the railway and it do n't running ; the number of cars in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a later destination .
We descovery , in this perspective , special deseases by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , insecurity , so on .
If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
In the morning We went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cat , horse and many animals .In the afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on top of voice and called for help .Actually I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch and a lot of games .At the end of the day I was just like running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
It has both advantages and disadavantages .
But Why I did this article about someone who looks like a simple guitarist , the reason is just one , the life , this man who one day just disapper from the fanactics ' eye .
On April 2014 he was unable to do performans .
On sepmtember 2014 , a note was realized and published in AC / DC 's webpage , the note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
We are not alone . We live with people whome are family for us .
Television and other things invented by tecnhology are part of our lifes .
I think every family has got a television in own home and for example I have 4 televions in mine .
There are a lot of interesting tv programs where we can learn something and there are also intriging television programs .
It is not the best thing for our eyesight and our helth .
In general I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and tv and other similar things are responsable for our problems with helth and eyesight .
Laura , Adriana and me ( María ) love being a little bit cheecky , in a good way .
I rememmber , because then We won .
Byt when I understand how many happy give me this game I was starting more running and train .
not belive in yourself .
I would like to inform about recorrection of my family name in the result sheet .
Could you please recorrection of my family name .
The sport is very importatnt of our body it has many benefits to emprove our selves and give us self confedant so we should practice any sport we love because it can change our mind to the better .
A bout me I like playing volly ball and I enjoy thes sport when I play it because of being useful for my body .
In Polen we have a lot of interesting places to visit .
Polen is amazing and interesting country .
If you have working in Polen , the best way is job on holiday .
Every month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .
I hope it will hepls you .
Michel arrived more early in his home this day , and when his oppen his home door , he saw
That can be annoyand .
this is good , because sales mever went down .
I think my town really take care of the environment , because there are a lot of parkｓ in this town and these are very clean .
I think almost everyone loves parks because a lot of people go to the park and having lunch , picnic , excersise , nap etc .
There are many sports grounds for example tennis cort , football grounds and play equipment for child so I think my town takes care of environment that makes everyone will be able to best condition in both mind and body long time .
Genarlly sports is growing our mind continously .
My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I remember to watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out lous with my brother .
My favoutite character is Joey , who is a silly innocent man .
One of the main advantage of family is the recogniton you have been given in specific age , children required special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family .For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education , job and adapt to society .
Moreover , families take an essential part in protect their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflect on their perfotmance toward country .leading to effictive , creative and useful civilians .
the last film I wachd was " the oders " by it is a horror / suspense movie , I was really scared .
and the mother thinks she is lyeing but after a while she believe her and started searching for the intruders .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
The companies who produce products with harmful ingedients are very mighty so that this suggestion is very hard to enforce .
But in some day tow guise with quad bike and they saw some thing wrong they sad what 's that , they sow dead body , they skared and run to ther camp .
other frinds coll poles .
after two days poleas sow some boody in crime scene the poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .
the poles man whs sham feom the gues and he was apologize .
television serves the multipurpose of entertaining and educating people.in order to cope up the competiting world and get recognized in the corperative world one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
Also , I am do not get an intitation to an interview yet .
The problem is that I am from Poland and I could be in Great Britan from 22 to 25 February .
Well I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engeering sustainable development .
Nowadays the public transporte is n't hardly necessary for our life .
Consequently , gorvernment start to support and take care of the public transporte .
How can we recover the pubilc transporte .
They wear black and white clothing like the decoration of the etablissment .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
in modern day there is very little public transpotr are used , ganeral public prefer much faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though the pulic transport are used in mager citys to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco friendly .
Many people said that public transport is not confortable , that s true , from my point of view bus is not so unconfortable .
Public transport is also used by childrens like me who want to go to school , high school or to the univerity .
Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some little disadvantages , it 's also very usefull for some people .
In my opinion public transport souldn't dissapear .
I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I have some busy or tight scheduled work , I have come across your advertisement For this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every aspect because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be pleased to know for your positive reply .
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules of the environment , then ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminate and pollution had reised inside my town .
Recycle plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by poblation of the most important neighborhoods of my town is a way to improve the environment .
TThe plot of this film is about a 25 naive woman that was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out for clubbing and met a nutter guy that involved her in a seedy drug smuggling issue with a Corean criminal band that forced her to be a mule drug .
Pople are getting used to drive with their own car , it provides more confortability , and is more practical .
The government are opposing to invest in public infraestructures , because the benefits are lower every year .
In my thougths , i have the opinion the public transport is better to the enviroment because going in the public transport reduce the CO2 emissions and take out traffic from the streets .
it is a true statement about cars , travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new tecnologies apply to the
People should take less fast food and do regular exercises for maintaining a hgealthy life .
For example , India has high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embrassment of being Indian .
Nowadays internet represents the whole knowledge that people have collected over the centures .
Nowadays public transportation is included almost all around the planet , We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century but due to the globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in a continuos transformation :
In the other hand we must remarque how the plane sector has been grown , currently is the most common way of transport for going away and that 's also means than the shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let the plane market blomm .
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choisses like cars , motorbikes , busses , train but also as we were talking about , planes .
According to the information donne , the most used is the car thus most of the families has one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectfully with the planet .
In conclusion , we are assisting to a new tend in transport , every time , they are faster and more developer , with the latest technology included but at the oppossite case , we find also a contradiction , as we found an other trend for the tradictional transport which avoid the pollution in order to respect the Earth
I agree that communiting by car is easier and faster than most of the public transportation ; however , there are serious problems come after it ; the amount of vehicles on the roads keep increase and make congestion and pollution which are far more severe than the inconvenience causing by public transportation .
Thus , I think the future for public transportation will be more proferous .
later if you want we could fiand a job for three months , in my opinion a good job for three months I could be the waiter because the waiter get much money in the three months of the summer .
I started my hobby when I was a chid .
Maintaing cars are expensive .
He jumped out of bed and had quick shower , there was no time for breakfast consequently he decided to buy aomething to eat near the office .
In spit of that he was dessed up on time .
According to the results of a questionnarie ( Houston habitants)and most of them , play basketball to forget the homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
Furthermore , they give advice to those all novice on basketball " do n't ever lost the passion " if because they give up , they wo nt play with the biggest players of the wolrd .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnarie consist on what the people think about the king sport of United States of America .
I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdor immersed in nature .
I fell relaxed staying alon near montains and snow .
Then there are some requirments for printing sheets : color on both sides , special ink and images slightly raised .
The most essential and key process is manual inspections for printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , patially damaged sheets and bad sheets .
The qualified and nit damaged severely sheetes are supposed to be packagd and distribued , which will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
He had a lot of animals : Two dogs and three puppies , four horses , eigth ducks and one cat , Lionel .
Lionel was a black and white cat , and it was a very funny , fast and sweet aminal .
When I was a little girl I used to play volleyboll and I really liked that .
One day I had a surprise , I have met a teacher and he invited me to tranee in a huge gym in a team .
Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to play my studuies in the High school , so the life changes anyway , I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I should need to study in that moment it was more important for me .
Today I do not play volleyboll anymore , but I really enjoy dancing , now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .
The hugest gab is in 1981 where is the cheapest price combined to the highest expanditure of cigarette packs in the whole interval .
Roughly in 1998 we can notice an equibrium price at 2,75 $ and an equibrium quantity at 23 billions of packs .
Fistly , i 'd like to talk about employments , i think that these are the most important thing to worry about , if our studies get better , we will create more employments and as a result the economical situation of the country will be better .
Moreover , our capacity fosr learning more lenguages seems to be really adequate unfourtunatelly while there are a lot of teenagers that are getting prepared really hard , there are others that are all the opposite .
I think it is probable that in some years the tecnology could have improve quite a lote , and this is a very powerful advantage for us , the young people .
Beacuse we were borned in ' the internet generation ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .
In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry about the future we just have to carry on in present and do it the better we can .
The flowchat provides an overview of the steps of making bank notes , it shows that how bank notes are manufacted from designing to thing we can used .
My hieght is about5.2 , hair color is dark brown , eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and long shirt . I will be arrived at 20 past to 3 .
It was solwly .
This makes th
I have to say that study another language give you more opportunities because on these days you need to now other language to look for a work and be more inteligent than your college to take the work and that 's great .
I have recently bought an electric car in sustitution of my traditional car .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do somethig immediately .
After waiting an hour the time comes and bravely with high confident level he walke to the office .
Please , writes me a list with the words when I need for technical konversation .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you going to from a specificlly place but in a bus you go to the bus stop and no to your house or school , work ...
I 'm studiying medicine , this major is too challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there are a lot of information .
Even there are lots of different possibilities and scholarship , not everydoby can allows they .
I am 14 eayrs old .
I do n't have a favourite subject , but l like English because we can comunicated all over the world .
The name of my Best Friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela , we are strange friends , we anre in 6º together and in that moment we bacame friends .
I am applaying for the job vacant in the summer camp .
Morocco is a kingdoom , like Spain and England , We have king and princes .
we wnet to the Trocadero .
But the best was the Guarda from Bukingham Palace .
We travelled to London by plane , but to come back we travelled by car abd boat .
People contribuation is very important in this matter .
Firstly , hyrid cars only allowed to use during weekends as result of this most people not using there cars all the week .
This attitude reduced enromous amount of smoke pollution from the pipes .
Many factories follwing the regulations and not draining the harmful wastage in the water .
In addtion to that recyclable waste , sell and the money will be given to respective person .
Town council not only encourage people to planting or garndening , it subsidise money for their green improvements .
Is summary , people taken many intiative steps and moving forward to have safe and attracticve eniroment surrondings .
This is a internacional sport because in all parts of world there are persons that they play .
football is a fameous sport you can whatch it on tv or yo can see it on direct.there ara a lot of level categories , the most fameous categorie is the first .
people that they play in this categorie are fameous althoug you can see them on tv.if you want to be a big football player you must to practise more time and yoor life should to be healthy .
this sport is the best of the world and the most fameous annd i think that this is the most enjoyed .
The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an Englishl seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 , they are separately an ice - cream van and an indoor public swinmming pool .
For the ice - cream van , it saled most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reached 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .
For indoor swimming poor , its sales did n't have large changes , usually saled about 2000 - 3000 dollars for each season .
It usually saled most in Apr - Jun and Oct - Dec and slided to the bottom in Jul - Sep .
Ubearable traffic jams and no parking areas would be the main problems .
Finally goberments and society are concerned about the environment and I consider that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emitions .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .
oh ! my brother , David , going to marry ! Sorprise !
The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad shees and notes are disposed .
Thirdly , print the sheets of bank notes(50 banks notes per sheet)with special ink , where colour is condidered on both sides and images will slightly raised on the bank notes .
it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandrie city of Egypt and it talks about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they did n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn or love
In the big cities they have began to build green buildings , they use the electricial public transport not to pollute .
The days after we were in a parfurms and I bought a present for my mum .
now days young people are influence towards the western culture so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .
Using personal veihicles is more convenient to them than using public transport .
Otherwise the public transport do n't pollute but the car pollute so for us travelling by car is better than travellng by public transport but for the atmosphere is better travelling by public transport than travelling by car
Also , TV , radio , internet , big companies has adverisement for helping the planet .
To turn to , alredy people cook the food in form organic o with products more naturally without chemical .
The technology is advancing very fast , in the best way this is good for us because we wiill do a lot of thing .
As a result for that we going to have a better life , more healty and clean for the next years .
In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarquia Spanish .
I am an Arsernal fc fan .
Have been an arsernal fan since 1999 .
Buying cheap football has wretched arsernal team several times because of lack of experience of the cheap player .
People from diffenrent culture are playing in this same club .
Nobt all Russia is always under snow .
I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
This sport is an invidual sport , then you win alone and do n't win a team , but if you play tournaments in double the one who wins is the team .
This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy is n't very famous , becouse in Italy the soccer is more famous than the tennis .
But i know that a lot of joung people play tennis , i hope that the italian tennis player in a few years will be very famous all over the world , then you do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
I saw your ad in a newsapper .
I 'm also a member of a asocation of toursim and ecology since I was 10 years old .
I worked for few diffrent companies and asocations in past .
Usually I was a voluteer but I also was a part of few European Project where I was paid for my work .
My best leisure time would be hang out with my freinds .
l like to go to the beach with my freind or alone offen .
I enjoy watching people and childern having fun .
l like the cool breeze from the oacen while i 'm walk along on the shore and listening to my favorite music .
I really think taht we should go that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .
But we could also try the climbing but it would be better if we could cimbing outside , in the countryside .
Emeil me soon and let me know how you are getting on next holidays .
I think that public transport is much better for the enviromment than the private .
So I do not agree with this afirmation , in mi opinion travelll by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than public transport .
The menú es very well constructed , and food is based on local products .
This problem is that some aparatus are brouken and the paint is bad .
For me the solutions to that 's problems are esey .
In the first problem you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .
And the solution for the second problem is that you have to do maintenaits ouans a year .
I hope your positive awnser to me .
I am exicited about the idea to be with and interview other students from different parts of the world .
You do n't need a lot of aquitment , so you do n't have to buy a lot .
I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging but a little bit slowler .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficents trials for understanding the guilty .
I prefer walk , because the bus , helicomter , metro is very polluting .
The pollution is the firt problem for the public transpor
While I was ringing the bell the neighbourh 's dog stared to bark .
It was like whether it was waiting for a terrorific event .
Nodody opened .
When Michael saw me he openened the door , however straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake
Saying that , the music that they like is pop music and reggeton as they can dance together .
Also , the televisin programmes that they watch are the reality show .
Moreover , regarding the clothes , the Young people wear a dress skirp and jeans .
We were going to gdańsk to seeing new statium that was built for UEFA European Championship .
In parking in front of this building very nice and crazy old man was helped us and charged acumulator in our car .
This report shows the sorts of shop which are localizated in Moral de Calatrava .
It is though that Chinnesse shops are the cheapest by far .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop were you can find a lot of sorts of fashionable Italian and Spanish designes .
If you need something for a special event like a wedding , you can go to three shops which are specialited in that .
Because of different culture backgrounds , the talking style of internaional students who come from different countries are various .
Do you have any Diffrent eating customs ?
So . I need more inpormation about eating customs Diffrent sountry 's .
In Korea , we usually ues Chopsticks when we eat Meal ald spoon as well .
So , I have to Leand to use Chopsticks to eat .
we think it 's Improtant meal manners .
All thanks to new creations technologies , the innovation in the field of medicines and the new scientific discoveres .
To my mind our lives has been improved in these years by smarphone , satnav , digital TV , Internet ..
First of all in the next 50 years the people 's life do n't resamble at all this .
Apart from that I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that took me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robot instead of the weiters in a restaurant .
I can not agree with the statment of " no future for public transport " provided that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
First of all , the public transport is more rather convenient than irvate car .
Despite this , the resaturant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hanged up to the walls .
In our earth , Hunderds of millions prople living in here .
A great number of bulidings stand in land ,
Even the please probably shold belong to animals .
However , we forget the one importent thing , The earth is belong to all life .
Our flat and house make theaother animals lost they are home , and it is lead to environmental deteriation .
We take the thransport easy , hewever , we take away other animal 's life in careless .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM , BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SHULARSSHIP A STUDY MEDICINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED FOR 7 YEARS .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LENGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OUR .
NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL , HE HAS A BEUTIFUL FAMILY .
When he was 21 yeasr old , his father told him something about his family 's secret .
Just enjoy your day by day , and thanksful an ordinary day .
It is large , clean and comforktable and has air conditioning and internet wifi
it introduces many kinds of delicious foods like meat , cheeken , sea foods and if you want anything different you will find it there .it is suitable for my class because it is difference from any other restaurant
In the present , computers are multifuncional .
I am writing to you about the adverstismen on the Mirrow daily .
I can speak severeal languages like spanish , English and Rusian .
I am available to start to work inmeditely .
Your faitfully .
I recommend this sport to all people , because it could be , as me , one moment to distract from the world , one moment to spend without thinking about tmorrow .
Secondly , for behaviour of older children like teenagers have an impact other factors , it are not only their parents but other people , whose surrond them .
It is a time when children must choose , which people are good or bad , which way they will go to difficult situation for example they will be drink alcohol or they will have fun without any suplements .
Working as an ITC si very exciting because you need to program all , is like a challlenge , although you can do varied things . You can be in duty in your house and deal with your boss in the cellphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .
Is a little streesfull when you have a lot of work .I hope when I have me job be in charge of security IT department .
I would like to tell you this experinece and how I enjoy working in there .
I responsible for selling the moive ticket and have a good time .
Michael closed the door and kew at that moment he had made a mistake because he lost his house .
He mostly played with number 10 even thouhg he also played with numbers 80 , 45 .
Nowadays our world is fighting everyday against diferrent problems , one day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmosphere conditions or many others .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , as the eletricity given by the light of the sun rays .
Or in addition , we can use the energy given by the environment , as the wind or the inorgainc rest .
The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was closed in a museum from Conecticut where she is visited by a preist who blesses her twice a month .
John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife : a beautifull colection doll dressed in a wedding dress .
Unfortunatelly , in a horribble night the couple"s house was invided by a satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
The satanists invoced an eavel entity that is capabale of the worst things ... Annabelle .
After Mia gives birth to her doughter Lilly , Annabelel wants to kill her .
Even the preist doesn 's know how to help the unhappy familly .
Everyone is terryfied and find out that a demon is attached by the doll .
The gym has many problems that we are gouing to explain :
the first problem is that we do n't have enough aparatous for all of the students
the second problem is about that same aparatous are not working well because the school did n't the manteinace long time ago
For the first problem in my opinion , the school have to buy some others aparatus because there are not enough for all of the students
I hope my proposal wiil be useful for you
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which issued by the WATC " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have the cooperation with the Environment and Development the magazine which issued by Center for development work " Maan " , annd other web sites and news and media organizations .
Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it
This is some adventeges such us it is more comfortable and fast .
On the other hand , private transport are damaging for planet because we must take care of the planet . we can help to prevent the contamination of the enviroment , if we take travel public transport which do n't pollute .
At the moment , there are more one car to person , it is a problem for me because people do n't take cure envarioment .
I am plannning to visit his company .
Life is unpredictable and unforseen .
But insurance is also necessity and invetable for peace of mind .It gives us surety to live life securely .
It give competition to national companies .By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders.people can always buy nominal premium we should aware them about the types of insurance as well as benefits of the insurancce .
It 's a very mooving book , but it is n't difficult , I think that 's for teenagers , but is also good for adults .
In all over the world people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .
Sundly , started krav maga class in a gym close to my house .
The diabetes is the increasing of the glucosa in the blood , The have two types , first the Diabetes Type 1 that is predent in childrens , pacient needs insuline every day , also this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insuline realized by the person 's immuny siste .
The Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults people , the insuline is generated but this not work in the body , so the amounts glucose is storage in the body .
So it is necessary to eat vegetabl and fruist and also to do ejercises .
At the weekend he usually plays football or basketball and this year he is learning how to roch climb .
After the examns finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week I haven't watch them due to the exam week .
I was too angre because I was finishing the puzzles and five pieces were missing so I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find it .
It was destroyed by a vulcanic eruption in 75 BC .
Vesuvium - this is the vulcano 's name ! - covered it with a lot of cinder so that walls , houses , food , clothes , corps of citizens has been preserved as well they were .
Besides is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei 's citiziens .
There is an unique athmosphere !
So , I think the government should have to draw a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban and counry .
Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of electronic engeneering .
I am on third year at the university , I do n't know what will be the master than I go to make , but I want a master relationed with programming .
I want to make a review about my book about Nigeria and read another book about robbots and their mechanism .
In the first place , I think that you must look to internet . you would see diferents city of country and you can choose the best .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because its are more atractives .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he has to do something immediatele .
He had forggoten to go to his English classes .
But he did not realise something , His little brother was watching him througt the window .
I think that the public transport always going to be so important in our life because not all the people have the possibility to buy a car because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for that reason the public transport in the future could be exist , because public transport is a necesity in all the world not only for the money but too for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport
I do n't know is n't anwer .
After an hour the dog is vaccined and taken at home , but her mother needs a milk bottle .
firstly , I want to introducude my self .
I am a young women with a melancoly 's character .
I love bwrite but I not confidance with my grammar .
I have no idea after this sentense .
Thereore , public transportation is the future and more and more people will be using the metro , publis buses etc .
work in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about busines , management , economics , sales , engineering , tecnical support and other skills .
you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
I started to play it when I was twuelve years old and currently I still love this sport .
at some point you wish if it was all illusio , you need a time machine makes it possible to go back in time when you could see the purity of life ..
I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross other wise for example , I have be able to learn that new BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .
Those are the main reasons that could make the public transport diseappear .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children do physical activity that is the first step to do exercise , then to compete sports will make competitior to make an extra effort .
In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of compete because competitiors are trying to win and this can frustrates .
Finally , I think that to compete in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when is controlated there are some benefits that help you to whole you life .
Second is to prepare mental plates as well as qulified machinists .
If the sheet is good or partialy damaged , it can be packed and delivered by veichals after cutted in to separate notes .
I advice peolpe to start this sport , because is completely and make you mind with the body feel very good .
When I was fourteen years old , I win the championchip because in that period I swam as agonistic atlet .
It had been a really satisfation and I had been happy .
Michael is a man of 22 years , he has studied the career of electricity engenieer and now he wants to put into practice his knowledge .
He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job , he was looking all the advertisements but he never found the one he nedded .
In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , even though , being sunburnst .
I used to live in assistent house it was my first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I changed to an aparment with two friends .
The garbage picks up paper once a week , plastic two times at month and undiferretiated three times a week to all people who live in my country .
It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut on spends of the water by 50 % using a recycle water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the wasten and saving our planet .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element to speak English , if you know grammar you only know certain rules to write , but I think that speaking is most important than writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but here is another topic , whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .
I enojoy this because I like it .
I see myself as a perfect candidate for this positiona .
I live in the one of the most beautiful countries - Ukrane .
When I was at school my friends and I attended unior swimming school .
My friend and I always had ice creame and fun after training .
Nowadays the obtion of broaden the ming traveling is very commun .
Apart from that you see new places and you have fun , you also lern others cultures , historicals facts , you also lern to respect others peoples and thirs costums .
In addition you do n't think in yours problems and the only thnig that you do is have fun and do what you whant to do .
Besides you see new world and thirs form of lives and that helps to open you mind , see the world in other way .
In conclussion I think that it is the best way to opemn your mindn not the only way but yes the best way .
I would like to recoomand friends to visit Italy .
so if you want to visit any country i 'm going to recoomend to Italy .
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
Do n't forget the cust .
when my sisters are married they have one or tow children at most .I think the Egyption family became simller with the passage of time
Finally , the consecuense of cocaine are the dead , if you sniff all the time cocaine or a lot , you die early .
We enjoyed to swim in the sea , had a sunbathe , had a barbacue and saw sunset .
Young people want to find a good job here , but they are working in mc donal 's or burguer king for a low salary .
Television is an essential part in our life , we turn it on nearly everyday , since it can make life more interseting .
There are two pionts to approve it .
For one , the show played on television may enlight us and give us some enlightenment .
From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas car to future cars when the drive will be electricty .
My hoby
But now I really enjoyed , and me best friend both for me ticket for a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing , for cuople of hours I did n't move , was a brilliant present .
In 1994 , The Scream painting , one of the most expensive of the worls , was stolen in the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
When he stolen the painting he wrote a note sayng : " thank you for your good security " and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to stolen the painting .
There are mainly 4 stepts , design , preparation , printing and inspecting .
This writing will explain these different stept .
Firstly , staff and Personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the scuriity issues on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such as notes for supermarket .
After that sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it use special ink , and print colors on both side , images are slightly rised .
At last inspectors of the bank manually check all printing sheets , and devid them into three levels."bad sheets " were sent for disposal , where things are sercurely destroyed."Good quality sheets " will go with packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
However sheets that are " partally damages " will be inspect again and separated into good and bad sheets , and sent for further actions .
I 'd like to wtite in this subject because it 's very importnant topic .
I enjoyed it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stade & supporte my team by my flag & supported phrases .
I advise any one dream to be one of the most famous teams that works on hisself a lot & and play football a lot to be profectional in this sport & show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbiden reasoning the fact young children are still strongly vulnerable .
Kids around these age ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a maturated critical sense and anything can easyly persuade them .
In conclusion , I am strongly favourable to this statement . Advertisement for young kids , not only until 5 but until 8 years old should be forbiden reasoning the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
I am writing in response to yor advertisement which I saw in " The Daily Magazine " last week .
I am a twenty - year - old student currenly studying for being a chef .
If you need any further information , please do not hesitate in conctact me .
Nemo 's father knowns a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him , they cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist house .
In the following paragraphs , am going to analyze these issuses in a detailed way to provide solution .
i like volei because it was part of my life and of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , same i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my friends that know , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .
But today , Things are getting change and technology marked a significant role in our life , Automobile segment increased its vertical and having a car becomes a need from luxory .
lately a lot of child wish to be a professional player and they practice this sport every time and everywhere to improve the techinique .
The diagramm shows the development of 1998 to 2014 .
On Easter time the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition on the contrary , the pagan spring festival does n't focous on consecration but rather on celebration
no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also but public transprt is fair is much affordable to all clasess of poeple
public transport means mainly pubic bus.people used to travell long disistance by publis bus .it is possible to carry large number of people of different places to carry in bus .
Although I knew that there is some conflication between England and Scotland , but the vote has really shocked me .
I have been travelling with both for yeras , and I reckon each and everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another .
My favourite sport is a football soccer because it is the most popular on the worl .
But every time , I get trubbel .
The hudsband of Grace is called Charles .
Her sons have a problem they ca nt see the natural light and one they Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying so she went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there so she go to the other room and the courtins also were not there so she stars getting nervous and more nervous so she go and talk to the servants , so she got very angry and she told them go out of my house and they did not care so she pick up a gun and the old lady returned her keys .
MOTASSEM is nice and lovely fiance he love his job as he is Patient will dong has jop .he is a hard worker he has amazing laughs
Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for
The charts below give the information about the most importent reasons for study among students of differents age groups also the amount of support they received from employers .
The first chart is the resons for study according to age of student .
for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
The other chart is about employer support , under 26 years old is the most higterst because it almost have 70% , the scentd higterst is age 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% of people are taken ; niy yhe most lower is 35% age of group are 30 - 39 years old .
You can visit old city and watch old buildings and castel , you can watch the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
is n't good for stydents .
First of all , to get students outgoing frrom the classroum students take a breack of the school routine .
Fythermore , going on the field trips give students a change to expiriament thinks for themshelves .
In adition , field trips are important part of our schools activities .
Unfortuntely , I saw You last time many days ago .
My flatmatter is my best friend today .
Susan told me that you need to khonw a couple of things before your visit to Spain .
In that moment , he knew he 's decision was going to afect his whole life .
When he was scaping from the prison , he bump on an old friend callled Charlie .
Why I enjoy my favouite sport ?
I love it , when the temperatur is a little bit cold , but not too much .
But there 's a differenc between eating a good meal , and eating by the way .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered like he knew her on the bus , maybe she have always been the woman of his live he looked at eyes and smile he wants to ask her whether now is not late to satart to know her but he decided leave the pub he walked to exit .
All in all , I stil have a memorable vacation .
In addition , there is a small blackboard for my littel brother because my mother wants my prother learn Arabic and English letters .
My country very interesting place , we have more ancient and mistyc places .
I think , you could nt work in my country , because its illegal for foreiners .
The town hall put in the streets containers for trash and the workers of tomw hall clean the streets .
To begin with , nowadays more and more people prefer trevelling by car rather than by bus or train .
In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots , everyone deservs that they want .
I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reduce the polucion .
annonced the way take about the town .
My aprtment is very beautiful .
It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a praivte parking .
Finally , My apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot advantages more than its disadvatages .
There are various kinds of different things that happened in peoele 's life , some may be normal and nothings special , while others may be meaningful and unforgettable that you will remerber it for a long time .
Eventually , I got number three in the comtest .
The most important is that you can learn a valueabe lesson from failure .
Resolve/ dertermine / insistence
I like how the players moved through the court and how the audience applaused them every time they won a point , although I 'm not in the court I could feel the feeling of the game , it 's really awesome .
Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
Público transportation is excellent , you sabe money , tale care of the environment and make friemds .
In the other hand , she had never been a talktive girl , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .
It is conveninet to travel by private cars .The price of private cars which every one can afford it , so that everyone has the private car nowadays .Some people point out private cars are going to replace the public transport .
For these reasons , it is unlikly there is no future for public transport .
Alison felt desesparate , she notice that her husband 's car were in her house , so he was walking or someone pick up to him , she takes the phone and she call all him group of friends , nobody now anything and now they were scaried .
my favorite sport is playing footboll .
In my opinión , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . moreover , I think that it is good because you could help to lose wight .
On one hand the public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can muve around all the city .
We do n't use so much petroll like if we each of the passenger to use it own private transport .
In conclusion the public transport is very good and if it desapear it will be a big problem , is right that some times you need a private transport but apart from that the public transport is very use by people of all ages .
I 'm a comitted , responsable , and an organized person .
First I would like to intoduce myself , my name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I tell you why my favourite sport is football which is a sport than I have practiced since I was six years old .
I like very much this sport because it must be play with a gruop of people and is funnier than others sports which you play alone with other opponent , like tennis .
Actually I play in the first divission of the club River PLate from Argentina .
In my opinion people will travel by public transport more frenquely , because this type of transport is less expensive , more trustworthy and even more ecological than travelling by car .
My trust in futuric technology is so enormous that I hope there are going to be a new ecological and cheaper ways to travelling around our world .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I ca n't undestood nothing and I ca n't talked .
we do not respect traffic rules to drive only with the intention to go fast as possible to our destination , this often causes traffict accidente and congestion .
For this reason people is becoming acure of the terrible problem and is learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
Besides public institucions are promoting this and also private companies make advertising for awereness .
This is due to Lima in the beginning has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , and it only has been improvising to build their way without any criteria to transport its population .
I usually take the public transport for going to the University , because the public trasnport is cheaper than the car .
( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratedly exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea .
As he got closer , he saw alot of people around tha Kabaa .
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it becasue it is the best way to loss weight and get your health better than medicine .
The purpose of this propossal is to provide details abouts shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some recommendations for tourists .
They offer a wide range of choice from souvenir items such as pictures , jewellries to local specialities with a reasonble price to suit different interests of people .
I assure that high - quality and various products there should be satisying your needs .
I highly recommend local shops to our tuorists for its cheap price and the hospitable manners of residents here .
My hobbies are meet Friends and hangout with them or play baskteball in my spare time .
Peolple do n't use the five seats of the car to go to travel .
From the point of view of the invaironment this is a bad idea because spend a lot of gas by person .
A new problem is being in the small cities , because they are not disigned to harbor a lot of cars .
I think that the main problem of the piblic transport is the infrastructure between villages and small cities , because they only exit between the great cities .
It is a problem of mentality , if we had born in a society that used the public pranspor I thought that is the better and we would use then normally .
Have so many educacionals programs , like Animal Planet , and so many others .
Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
I am writing in response to your adversiment SUMMER CAMPS .
I have worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer I worked in other restaurant in London , however I would like to look after children because I have studied to be a teacher .
yors faithfully .
Here in Brazil is very difficult take care about it because it demands serious behaviour and skills from our gorvernants which unfortunatuly wo n't happens in a short time .
And why am I talk about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of environment care is our minset , just with knowledge and information we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and reverse we have the current result .
this aphirism is famous and truth .
People try to build big and laxuries house but they forgot about the main .
we can choice expencive things for interior .
n the town he tries that the people have to aware about the sitiations and they take care the environment
In my opinion we should take conciencious and stop it , if we don , t stop it , after it will be later .
The best present that I receive was ... I do n't remebmer !
Another thing , at my home there are some rules : I and my brother tidy our room , we clean the bathroom when we use it , we ca n't eat in the sofà ..
let us discover the aventadges and disavandges the
Nowadays , people has a stressfull live so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
The scorch trials is one of the best films and thriller that I have ever seen , it is so exited all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be inmune if some sick person bite them .
I think I am the appropriate personn for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good English level .
Firstly , Django Unchained remembered us the hard life suffered by black people in the past , due to a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be selling to an owner farm , it being matching with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
In my opinion , Volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings.my advice for who starts this sport you will get fresh after you play this game and makes you doing your work in relaxetion way .
it is upstearm that irrigates our economic life . and no doubt that Negligence has the ability to destroy many good sides in our life .and our government is doing her best to put end to negligence .
but we also must coparation to save our town . on the other hand we must Presentation awareness program for all people .
There is no future for public transport , becasue travelling by car is so much more convenient .
I 'm not agree abaout this statement becasue in a big cities there are a lot of cars , if all people in a city use his own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
My email adress is xxxxxxxx .
As a result , I think that I have some intellent on swimming .
From then on , I fell my disease in decreasind and fell relax .
I am prepare for long working hours , that 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spend timee with people .
A lthough some people prefer individuIal games , but I prefer team games .
They must know , people will identifie them , walking through the street .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course in which I have learnt to organise all kinds of activities with children since canoeing from swimming competitions , also , I worked in a summer camp last yaer where y could put all the things that I have learnt in practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to do it again .
I look forward to heraing from you as soon as possible .
In my opinion music like this should be diplayed more often in the radio and other mass media .
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a deffender and I enjoy playing that position because it is easy for me to play .
When we arrived there , last summer in July , the owners welcame us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge all included in the room 's fee .
There is perhaps notthing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as enjoyable .
Many children usually did n't know how to study Engilsh , and you could help them to get there .
The other team was profesional , they had won many competitions , they were really good but Tom and I knew that we could won .
I 'm the rigt person for the job because I 'm reliable and experienced .
Sport is an important for all of us because it helps us avoiding disease , and becoming healthier .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling fresh and relax .
Moreover , daily excrsise is very good idea which helps us to avoid overweight and to keep your body healthier .So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other kind of sports to avoid diseases .
Dear Sir or Madan ,
Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewerly , clothes , accessorises , gadgets , books etc .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in downtown to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terasse with a cool lemonade .
Although using your own car is betten for moving around the city , public transport has shown to be a good way for travelling lost distances with a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
Your health needs calm , friendship , happiness ... You must keep in contact with your friends and to spend time with yourself ( do not forget your hobbies and learn new things ) and your familiy .
This follows that on the one hand I have extensive knowledge in how to be on good terms with different people and on the other hand I have a perfect coomand of English .
In addition , as I was determined to build my career as a teacher since my very childhood and , moreover , I definetely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at University and local school .
I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectively in this posistion .
A wise man in the past said once , " If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climer , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
It 's exhausing and you have to move fast to get every birdy .
You have to be competitiv !
My coatch was very nice and mostly we played in teams .
I had a lot of fun at the sommer sport camps and I met a lot of friends .
Envide your friends from school or work .
Practice together with people in your age is a lot of fun und you will get better soon .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won games makes me proude and smile for all the hard work that I have done in the last few mounth .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish on the sea but there was n't an aproppiate place to keep it so they could n't eat one or two days later .
You start live on your own , make your own decisios and plan your future .
The year off gives the apportunities to get a job .
You can get to know other countires and new individuals .
If you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to cantact me .
I am wrtitting this letter as an answer to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested . .
Since many European tourists attempt to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sun shine and also discover the historical remanings from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work .
Finally , I personally disagree with cyberschol .
Cyberschol are n't interested in health and safety issues !
In fact , it ccan help them to speak with their friends more easily .
In conclusion , so family and friends are very necessaris in your life .
I remember that you are fascinat with Nature , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicious typical food , you will see an amazing view and a lot kind of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
When it 's cold I always go to a cover swimming pool and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining I always go to a reservoar .
In the present - day society , sustanable development is of paramount important as our environment is being destroyed on a fast pace .
It is surely not envirnmentally friendly .
And the last , ( but not the least ) , public transport is muche safe than the private , because it transports much more people , and so , there is more cauttion .
Film stars and politicans are interesting for people because of their talents and special abilities .
On the one hand , famous people try to hide thier life from journalists .
In the everyday life , the internet has became one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influental .
So , I enjoy running alone or with friends , because this sport have a lot of possibilies , more than I believed when I started to run after finishing High School .
This has resulted in only the very in - need people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automovile , with the incovemiences and safety being an excuse .
In the past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping pong and so on , but the outcome made me depressed and less confedent .
First point , which I would like to menchioned about is cost .
That could be frustrating especialy when you have long road and you need to spend long hours driving .
Finaly , the word conviniend for everyone means something dirrerent .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
But there are some disadvantages like stairs because we are at the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many strairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
Travelling could be a good way to improve your lenguage and to know better Italy .
Meaybe you 'd choose to attend univeristy in one of these cities !
It is a turist country , you may work as a waiter in my city .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understanable you know that , indeed , it is not .
Long after that due such I was a natural talent about engeneering , I began to write books and essays about everything realted with my job .
InBy February we 'll have finished our exams and we 'll have more free time .
Birdwathcing really relax me and bring me closer to the nature .
Do n't you know to say in the presence of a huge audence ?
The new activity which I have thought it could be organised and it could have success is called " The Club of dicussion " .
In addition , it could be interesting although you do n't have to do physical actitivy , because of your capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech will be got better in this kind of activity .
In conclusion , making a speech contributes on our social relasionships and it allows us to define our personality .
We find a very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very populary , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
For this reason when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change treir live style .
So they would help to stop a bit the problem fot the UK 's recycling system .
Such us yoghorts , biscuits , etc was wrapped in plastic .
However I also think that it 's important to be concient with the environmental concernts , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce the rubbish .
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start practicing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's the passion in wearing your club 's jersey and the respect towards your adversaries ' .
For years of wars and difficult situations the history was creating people 's beliefs and convintions .
Conclusions and recommendatios
I really like reading many kinds of books , magazine , etc.when the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchaire , near the fire place and reading .
I enioy to hear the rain while I am reading at home ...
Howhever I like very much walking too .
I prefer comedy and romance , but I like triller and drama too .
At least I enioy to take care on my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of kinds of flowers .
We like very much the sea , so we looked to rent a little cottage on August at a lovely place in Sardegna .
I looked forward to go on the beach and to swim in that wonderful wather .
By recycling , by tryng to reduce the transit , walking and cycling , that also impruves our health and fitness .
People from all eages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife .
At school , children had been tauhgt about how to do an apropiated use of the electric energy .
There also a lot of plans for the futre , in order to start using electric cars .
I 'm chatolic and I play the guitar in the Church 's choir .
Each years , in the summer holiday I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighboorhood both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years hold .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern build that it has different rooms with different styles : modern , classic , gotic , etc .
However , not all it is ok , a trip to Italy is so expensive and many clasmates ca n't go it .
At that moment the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answeared me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite atracctive and very up - to - day , the green zones are wide and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
It brings you directly to my subburn .
Using this transport I will go to New Zeland then Australia and other countries .
Travelling by car is muc more convenient , as many people say , but public transport is much better for the environment .
In my opinion it is one of the healthiest sport there are beacuse you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breath .
I think it is a really good idea to use the stem cells in order to save other people 's lives , even if they come from an abroted foetus .
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an abroted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research , and help other people .
How are you donig ? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I 've been to last month .
After some time I felt sad , because I realised that I wo n't be albe to see the bend playing at the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entry .
We took some pohotos and got autographs .
great starter and when you finish it , they bring you the barbacued meet .
Then the main course is the barbacued meet that is very tender and tasty .
But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowdly populated world , it is recommended by geologists and eco - scientists that we use public transportation .
The family might exist on paper but not in real because each member in the family will be busy and they will just send some masseges from the high technology phones they 'll have at that time .
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic but if we wo n't change our minds imediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that depict a low percentage of illiterate people , expresed below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia are above 30% of people who do not know read and write .
There are also places where peolpe can buy the typical clothes , dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for man .
Even if you want just go shopping for clothes , there are so many places where you can go , Palermo is known as a little New York for the disigners and well know marks , and technology is set on Recoleta .
In this day the students had the oppportunity to hear very interesting things , but not as they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
I worked at at nursery school in London last summer , what led to improval of my English skills .
On the other hand you have the public service called Metrobus , in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
If I were you I would choose the subway because wearher in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your bored trip .
In the last ten years , Brazil has created a wide range of governamental programmes .
Educational and medical assistance , as well as infraestructure improvements are some of the recent advancement .
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad aquiring an international standard qualification .
I found your addvertisment in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summer camps .
Suddenly , a thumledown cottage emerged from the darkness .
well since my chillhood I always love weapons , my father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was until I was 15 when I found my real passion , and it was the archery , since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the latin - catholic bishops residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of jesuists monks .
Journalilst and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance ath the cost of them .
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are wtitten and known by the society , what is unfair and harmful .
They ought to apprecciate what they have and stop complaining aboout their life , because there is plenty of people , who dream to be them .
Famous people have to notice , how much they have , apprecciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster like they often think .
It was reported that for one hundred kilometers running , each car was consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of air polutted .
can also satisfy passengers who could not travel by plane and require to take long haut jouneys .
To summarize he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the media press because he would like to announce his defenitively
Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by European Union , the trainee disposes of accident and liabiliy insurance .
IT was a good experience , the hotel has every comfort you can imagine : a reastaurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimmingpool , a beauty center and a church .
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce the uncomfortability and keep one 's feet in a nice temperature .
Players must be considered as a paintor working in a piece of art .
It 's not the efford they have applied or all the hopes they had .
There expectations will be considered unuseful .
Poeple wo n't stare a paint at a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge it only .
So if someone ever is woundering start practising this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazz who are trying to know more about their private life .
There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time . Beeing a witress or something like this is well paid and not so dificult to do .
I have noumerous reasons why I choose this sport as my favorite .
THE STRENGHT OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers , under no cicumstances can we miss it !
I like to read too , my favorite type of books is horse books or just random books its hard to explain but I mean , books with daily action not sciene - fiction or romantic .
Parkour is a discipline in which its main proporse is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and faster way without causing no harm to your body .
Parkour was developed in Lisses , Frace , around the 1980 's .
One of the faundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method created by Georges Hébert .
Basicaly , the method is based in develop the main foundations of moviment of the human body , they are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped moviment , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
Raimond Belle was a former Vietnam souldier and worked as a fireman in the French army .
The roots of Parkour was developed by him and he taught some of Parkour thechniques to the fireman which he used to work with .
His son , David Belle , was taught some of the faundations of Parkour too .
Some people say that David criated Parkour but , in fact , his father develop all the idea of the discipline .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosofical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a frase Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that in a dangerous situation you will be able to save yourself and other people and so on .
Therefore , is due to its philosofy and the joy that I fell before , during and after a train , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than puiblic transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want whotout spending hours waiting for the bus .
The product will be registered with Ministry of Helath and SriLanka standerds Association and adhere their rules and regulatiuon for production , storing and distribution .
Their opinios first varied a bit here .
An argument some called was:'In case we remove this whole industry , then there would be an humangous group of peoole unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , antropology and viewing a lot of types of arts .
I agree with the statement , fmous people deserve to have a private life without life jouralists following them all the time .
Sometimes happens , that journalists write some silly gosspis about famous people , which are not true .
Altought it does n't mean , that press should write about privacy .
And , as a draback of being acelebrity , they are followed by papparazzi almost everywhere .
Besides , being foollowed by unknown people ought to be quite a scary experience .
my listening is goood and I can understand .
I look forward to hearning from you very soon , if you have any question you can mail or contact me .
First of all , travelling by cars is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars should pay for gas , insurance , repairing , environmnet fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
She kwew that he will be staying away for so long but she will wait .
She loves him and any World War was able to separe them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming , it was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor just like Jasons ' father .
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionite about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " have dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
There is little doutbt that they will not only find original products , but will also enrich their minds .
On the other hand , they are still normal peolple , who have families , partners and friends and they sometimes want to have a few private minutes , without cameras , media , newspapers , flashes and spotlights .
Wahat is more , I am sure , that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is the famuos .
I 'm available every aftenoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , while in the USA is morning .
Of course some of famous people might like this feeling that they are so likely and favourite and they , who do n't like it they have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalist following them do n't exist .
Nowadays people care more about themeselves and making good things for some of them is wrong !
I am really happy you write to me for some advice and I am very honourated that you want to spend some time in my country .
Firstly you have to decide if you want to visit the North or the South part of Itlay because if you do a full immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you visit neither a half of all you have to visit .
If you like the Egyptian story you can go to Tourin where you can find a huge and beautiful museum about Ancient Egypt .
If you want to visit the South part of Italy you must start your trip from Florence , the bithplace of the culture , then you must go down to Rome the capital city of my country .
After that you have seen the Coliseum , the Basilic of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain and so on you must visit Naples .
The idea to find a job that lasts thre month is great ..
I think you could work as an entretainer in some tourist villages roun the country .
In that way you colud improve your way to make a relationship with people and also it could be a great help for your theatrical experience .
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your hability , so I think that you could do some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts .
Let me know if you enjoy yout tour and take lots of photos ( I want to see them soon )
I 'm writing to apply for one of yours advertisement publised in the local newspaper last week .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the priviledge of working as a teacher all my live , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care children .
As well as , take part in activities about cookering .
At night , the noise was annoiying , I was not able to rest properly .
Besides , the phone did not work properly , it was imposible the use of it to call the receptionist .
In addition the elvetor was out of order .
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at Östermalm called : " New Peeking " it 's an Asian buffé and they make the best food .
My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or biologi .
I think that in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when you was approximately 1 hour over your bike you 'll probably feel taired .
This could be good , allthough some people say we need n't all this time and we have to work more .
Another point is that we can meet more friends or visit our family if we have more free time and that is allways good .
In other words could be said that if we have more free time our lifes would become better because we can enjoy with friends and do thigs with our family .
Frome my point of view , having free time is perfect because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would icrease
I study filology .
Now I am working as a jornalist at National Radio .
But instead I am writing abour stupid decorations , illnesses and other boring stuff .
Well , I have a good news for you ! I met a wonderful girl last weeck when I went to the cinema .
I want to introduce her assap !
Besides btilliant actors they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated , that is very near to the bus stop .
Since graduating from University of Eduaction majoring business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
Meeting new people and setting up new social relationships are also the temting point attracting me .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home which takes about 10 mintues to go on foot and i have 2 days off a week that gives me opportunity to challenge a new job .
I enjoyed this unforgettable experience to the meseum , and hope you can take your time out to go one day !
It requires a rich imagination to try to put a view of the future , first of all the means of transport will change , depend mainly on the solar energy or the nuclear energy , a flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work , you will need to supply your car with spinache after they invent a spinache - using car .
I think that 's the only negatieve point from today 's television , because maybe there 's too much choice !
When we were schoolgerls we used to spend all our free time together .
To know about other cultures and get new knowledge completly different from school .
On the other hand , maybe if we have a break until university the routine of working and studing every day could break .
So when univerity starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and as a consecuences the marks will be lower .
At first , I did n't belive that this place would be as amazing that she said .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe , comfortable chairs and sofas , beatiful features and a really good - taste coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think in .
Althoug the most important thing is that there were not only friendy staff but they look like if they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
If tv 's programmes are a lot of rubbiss , is because some people prefer those .
I spend a great time with my friends , but I have a few comments concering the organisation .
However , there are a couple of small sugestions .
First of all , the vanue itself was very crowded and parking almost impossible to find .
I would like to suggest fire special animators wgo will entertain kids .
you should think about reducing proces or prepare special discount for xample for students .
Yours faitfully
There , you will see beaultiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice wine factories .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese no one of those languagues are so popular as English is .
Brazillians need learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
Learn English as a foregein language will make a huge impact in brazillians ' professional life to get a better position .
The brazillian educational system should be aware to develop more students ' language skills .
Learn English as a second language will help brazillians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Third , The public transportation sucks , when you think about it , you can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hussults between the public transportation transfer in your mind .
Secondly , Eveybody seeks safetiy in their lives .
Look around you , crimes and death are srounding us , all this people are dreaming to live a peaceful life without all the aspects of killing and sadness .
For that reason I beleive that being safe is absloutly better than sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that the life will go on and oneday all of us will be satsfied with this life .
In conclusin , I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy , because you live a calm life without anything makes you sorry .
I start telling something about Paula Echevarria , she is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 years old and she is married with David Bustamente who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain , they have a daughTer , her name is Daniela and they are like a perfect family .
Therefore she has everything good aobut being a celebrity but the most important is that she is a great person .
By increasing the veriety of cars with new technolgy , people 's demand hasnt ' stop .
As technology enhanced the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it beacuse of many different attractions that these cars have .
Trafic jam will cost a lot , such as pollution which certainly cause more health problems and will make expense not only for us but for the others as well .
The solution is public transport again , which enhance the pace of life and make easy accsess by subways and special roads .
To sum up , as thought the cars are too covenient to some extend , but the cost will reduce the benefit .
I am writing in response to your advertisment for the job in USA summer camps .
This job would give me the opportunity to pactise my skills and get more experience with children as well .
The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - five yeras old , engaged to a nice girl .
The company requested him to go back three days later , so he was looking for a hotel that someone had recomemded him .
It is universaly known that shopping is not always enjoyable .
The doorbell rang insistetly , It was Saturday , in the earlier morning and I still was in bed .
What amazing surprise!I was very emocional and was about to cry .
In answer to your question about the use of internet beyoung people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information easier and quiker .
Although , it plays a freat role in removing the borders on nations , in a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just talking to a friend .
Evidently , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because we are the whold day connecting , in our houses , moviel phones and computers at work .
They have to realice that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have differents diseases .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emitts a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light the synthesizer 's pitch raises .
I had to work as a liase with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of Shriram Group of Companies ) .
She explains that in the process of purefication , a big amount of coal and oil is burned , which pollutes factories rather than the environment .
He was a pastor of Bautist Church and he fought against the dicrimination of black people in the Unated States in the 60 's .
He founded the movement for the civil rights and to free a black people to the racial segragation and equality .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he discrives the equality of the society beetwing waith and black people , where all people can live together .
He was murder in 1968 , in Menphys , he was 39 years old .
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , few parks which priveds different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
Wtite soon
let us look at an example for a univesity student .
The student had a great deal of assighment and projects , so he spent more time to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a computer to search latest information .
Therefore , not only did he get high score in the reports that absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry , but reduce the study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
University , I also have a lot of assighments , so I like to go to libabry to study where is more quietly , spacious and internet accessible .
It is a great life stage but at the same time is difficult , sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves , as a result they do n't know whah to choose .
Twenty years ago , no one would think of the inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become the necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people just got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I've worked in a noumerous camps the previous summer .
As a result , I could be very helpful in oranising sports and activities but I could also provide assistance in other places including kitchen .
The crucial point is transformations and exprerienced contradictions of the characters .
In our imperialist and capitalist World , we need more films or arthistic influences which mention the problems about our life and realities .
There are such an interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would have never expected or unsurprisingly , missinformation .
We now that making social contacts can be sometimes a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and dauting experience .
However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
To clarify what the situation is , it is truth that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites but the fact is writing or reading in a blog could give to people a practical way to communicate and share preferencies , beliefs or thoughts , however , more or less reliable .
Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Jon did n't use to go to the countru , so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid .
After to drink water form the bottle , he fell over the gress and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
There was a lot of blood and was then when Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistisk and it can happen in real world sometime .
There you can see dinasours from old ages .
It can be amazing to see different sprecies of animals which are no more live .
By visiting museums we can learn interseting details about the history and culture of that society .
In addition to having lots of information we also can have fun to see interesting things in the museums such as huge dinasours . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you travel .
Every day in my town people speak only about football becouse it could give you a lot of emotions .
On the other hand , my advice that i give to someone who start this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsability and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
In the morning everyone goes to their job by car but I think that the real reason to do this is that we need to do a lot of things durind the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
For example during a foorball match if you wrong is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy , evin if ypu do nothing .
The most interesting is the art gallery Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centrr .
What 's more , in the middle of the biulding there is a small library where people used to buy the newest books and papers .
Furthermore , in the biulding of the art gallery there is a club Oko .
Not only it is the popular place among young Polish citizens , but also it is very extraodrinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
Grass hockey is a popular sport practiced among people of all ages and it 's more played in countries like Britain , Argentina or German rather than Spain or Italy .
In my opinion grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requieres you to be really focused on to hit the ball correctly .
Firstly , Disney is not a common destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requireds a different means of transport since it is in a long distance .
The vacatios starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend creating an experience you will never forget .
When the plane arrives at the airport of Miami you can appreciate the beautiful viwe that thid place offers .
Each of one has a different topic and amazing coasters perfect to adolecents .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bord , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable moment in the roller coasters
He is a soilder in the military in thun , where he works as a teacher .
Then Robert smailed and giving his hand towards hers said : ' I have missed you a lot ' .
In addtion , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are used to living by such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
Meanwhile , wild animals which take forests and wetlands as their habitas will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete . Endangered animals will be harder to be found after the destruction of their homelands .
Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lamps , chichen to be fed .
To reduce above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before construction of builings and transport and try their best to decrese the side effects .
In my opinion is a few advantage of shopiing .
Another good point of shopiing is fact , that it could be relaxing for some people .
Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by his passion ; except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to let his dream down .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutional at the same time , something that could give a new vision of the reality and Kate started to bring some information about many artist .
She started to be a little bit nervous , she was n't able to find any solution when , suddeny , she remembered that Michael 's art had the features requested by her clients .
Michael was very excited because he finally had the possibility to introduce his view of art throut his pictures .
After lots of meeting and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , Usa and Oceany Michael began to be the man who he dreamed since he was a child .
Kate was really angry and she oredered to him to leave her room immediately .
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie stars , but they should make their descisions transparent for most of the population tho .
It is their work to make descisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country , but we do n't need to know nothing else about them , after they come home to spend some time with their families .
He was a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievious behavior .
this film was about the previous roberry which had been accomplished by Vin 's gangs leads to the hatred of a criminal stared by Jason Statham .
As i recognized there are severeal way to improve because we are trying invent a lot of thing every day .
You would not think but when you are just thinking you may have the chance to invet something new and useful for humanity .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life .I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioner or anything which can make travling enjoyable .
Artifitual Intelligent is one of the best way , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
We can also help by paying our tickets , yes this is simple but these companies need money to improve their businness .
The Number of the Beast was the third album Iron Maiden relesead .
In this album the drummer was really great and fantastic eletric guitar solos were showed too .
Since he took up the office in 2002 Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking out more than fourty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
To curb corruption new laws were created , instituions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society .
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , priviliged , university educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
Yout do n't have to think about Bus timetables and gates .
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other points to travell with the car .
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
But most importanly , one should enjoy all of this with fun .
I 'm going to make you a very nice ittinerary and hopefully we 'll also find something for you to work .
We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadelle and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
Concernig your working plans , I have an uncle who owns a farm , so I think we can arrange for you to work there .
They can barelly breathing with all those photographers around them .
For example , when fan follow the cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredicable or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
Why when men stalk a women they forbid him to come closer to her , but when a papparazi hide in car of celebrity , he will get a huge pack of bucks for the photos ?
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries where their Government ban to have access Internet to citizens , in other words , they want to mislead about reality avoiding population could claim bu this nets or up in arms against their system .
So , this means we are getting less intimity and becoming more gossiping at the same time , as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites .
You can follow to your favourite celebrities and have a direct interaction but this also has negative consequences such as some followers critise to them
It was a new thing for her knowing that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people on that school define her as a weirdoe .
She 's on her way to the court where Michael was practing when she heard guys talking .
After our Trainer Nico shows us a lot tipps an tricks .
This is an original and moving love story that has people agaisnt the relationship between the main characters .
Besise this , it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child may do to help people without being told the real truth .
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do to the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist atractions , enrionmental education , ecological preservation and make it as the best touristic city of Litoral Paulista .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extremist sports are what we believe that attractives to tourists of this wonderful seaside city are .
Nevertheless , travelling by car can be posing a real treath to public transport because it is much more comfortable .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , modern , and cheaper than a travellng by car .
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping clthes in the city as long as some recommendations .
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will woth it .
You would fall in love with them as they are pstel colured .
If the idea of a street marke does not seduced you , I recommend you visiting a is a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other complements such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
In addition , The shop is very cheap and you can take a cup of coffee iside meanwhile you are shopping .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and make comparations in price and quality
This film is interested because it drafts work problems but not only for this ; it also transmits some important values like , the importance of the solidarity , the group cohesion and the importance not to lose the fait in dreams even if the situation is withstands .
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay so yoou need some time to prepare it .
Televion of the future will be amiazing , because it will have a 3D projector , what makes that movies will look extremely realistic .
You can see for example tigers , lions , zebras , birds , pinguins or horses .
If you were hungery , there are some restaurants a fast foods .
On my opinion sometimes stars ' behaviour is very suprising .
Film stars have very duties for example going to the parties organized by other people from show buissness .
You are very lucky in choosing life partner I have seen your life partner she is so beuityfull .You both have perfect match .
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
On the one hand , if you belong to a School you can participate giving information to the children about the cathastrophic image our village would have if we do not reduce the pollution in the minimum range .
Forthly , I am only buying organic products for consumption and keeping a small spice garden at my backyard .
First and formast , the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour , artwork and securityissues .
Last but most important step is the ispection .
If the sheest is in bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
The " Di roma reataurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village " Monção " is very popular , between teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
Public transport is not as valorated as it should be although a lot of people uses it every day .
It 's a big country and does n't have many inhibitants .
Most people go to highschool and unversity .
In Sweden we have a lot of different people from different kultures .
The problem is that there are a lot of swedish people that are razists .
Not the majority of course but there are many razists .
That can be really painfull for those who is n't from Sweden from the beginning .
The first one is to study a lot of Grammer lessons and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
It was writing by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows de daily life in a fictious hotel .
Particulary when the owner gives orders at the waiter , this situations became hilarious .
Its shorters stories have have a funny and relaxed time .
Fitst of all , the environment that belongs to both man and wild lives is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
It indicates that more kinds of species are endagered for they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining lands .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critical for governments to take mesures to reduce the problems .
Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put up to forbid extravagent expansion in the natural system .
In addition , supervision of the protecting steps need to be undertanken by the government .
He still needs to find an ATM to withdrawl some money to pay for his appointment .
A SEAWEED : OUR FUTUR
Thanks for a crowd funding campaign , we obtained the mininum funds to develop our innovate work .
Unforturnately , the process only gone on twelve hours .
No matter where famous person goes , he must realized , that next day he will be on first page newspepers with lots of rumours .
Beacuse , what is proper in living when journalist following every step the famous person takes ?
We all are free people and everone deserve to have his own life .
I wish to express my dissastifaction with this course .
perphaps because we were too many people and also , the more people we are , the more space we need and the room was too small .
We felt hot and he had not any refeshment facilities .
The hotel would be luxorius but everybody could come because the prices would be low , so the hotel would be always full , I think that many people want to go to a luxorius hotel but they ca n't .
The hotel would have many services and facilities like a good reception , spa , wifi conection and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef who did the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boat for trips around the mediterranean sea .
I would like to hear the point of vieuw of tourists to improve the hotel .
One day a friend of mine was going to an amatuer theatre to see a musical and asked me if I would fancy joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , even though I went .
The peformance turned out to be pleasing , with a lot of witty jokes .
After the show I was introdused to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
They can do nothing that could n't be gossipped about .
Why do n't we want to give people entertaning us a chance to be themselves and to have a really private life ?
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to your friend and thought to steal the keys of one of their millionar house and take a party with his friend .
But the house was destroyed and the neighborhood furred for the confusion caused during the night had called the police that without his knowledge waiting outside the house Micheal to take him to the police station .
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my neace , clean my bedroom , not much .
Peolpe have never taken into account that fact .
All in all it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resourse will be done .
The main attraction here is absulotely the beach .
It 's a nice beach with white sand and blue wather .
Perphas I 'll describe our journey by boat round the island .
Subject : Opinion on what young poeple are interested
clothes , not too hipi , but something comfortable .
time then I suggest some other style , it has to be comfotable but
I had expenience in cooking food and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parent Association of my kid 's school .
These are invalunable and relevant experience to the job I applied for .
Also , I am availalbe to work for long hours at weekends .
They do not want to learn so much becuase they just watch movies for fun .
It is said that the main objective of telelevision is entrentein people and make their free time happier .
It can be really frustriting .
A most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who worsks in a department store and always planning how to make people life more comfortable and better .
Sometimes I lisen to the radio and hear his comments about some global problems in my own country and some suggests about how to make our life better .
It was an angagement ring !
In mexico , a foreign person do not face difficulties to be hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my contry . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
perhaps we can go to the city zoo in order to verify wheter there are any vacancies that fit with you .
Something I can do is to make some research about the places that need people who speak Englsih fluently .
A good ilustration of this would be children .
Mr keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commision home , is an age pensioner and no children .
Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you can organize a home visit and provide further assisstance for this family .
We tried to contat the most amount famiy as we could .
My city , Valencia , is a touristic city situaded by the sea .
In addition i suggested going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoening , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoy the countryside
My favourite kinds of movie is comedy and drama comedy because it has interesting plot and person , who watches comedy can lought all the time .
He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe , but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibilty from scaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
Cohen 's knwoledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically irrational .
Some people like to calculated the gain or lose from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dolar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
Taxy is the first variant .
Famous people have been always sorrunded by a lot of journalists and paparazzies who follow them wherever they go .
Therefore , most of this famous people complain of this but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constanlty devoting every minute of the day to them because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing with whom they are , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
In Italy there are few cities with the hunderground and often in the smaller cities there are only bus .
I hope for the next generations a better public service and an increasement of its use .
Overall , it is clear that the main causes for land degredation were deforestation and over - grazing .
These causes also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed , in Europe and Oceania , and , consequently , these areas had higher rates in terms of total land degreaded .
By another side , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% bacause of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
for this resaon , this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded , with only 5% .
If a person wants to trevel from Kano to Lagos he has no choice but to track .
We can travel by air using the aircraft , aeroplane , helcopter and rest .
So whoever want to star a journey has several choice of transport , eaither by sea , by air , by land or by foot .
At 17:00 they let us in the venue and they made all the checkings .
When everybody took their photos , Emblem3 got backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it sterted .
Kitchen will be better eguipped , may be with smart appliances and people , who ca n't cook , will prepare the meal by yourself .
He was so cynical to turn out to be very nasty and unpopolar .
Soon or later mariied people will get divorced .
In addition , public transport is cheap because to buy a car meaning spend a fortune and in big cities , where are concerned about the environment such as Amsterdam or Tokio , there are many facilities as mobile phone applications or special offers .
loverer .
It is no necessary to say I am able to work with a cafe schedeule , I have experience working shift days and weekends .
If you are looking for an enjoyning shopping day , Madrid is the best election .
In Madrid , you can find clothes of the best desingners as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
but do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited because we have some places where you can find great colections with 50% off .
Nowadays people 's life is having an unexpected change all because globalitation .
Globalitation starts in the 20 's , so a huge amount of population has experience this change , in my opinion is kind of good .
The personal contact shows a decrease in this time because people do n't want to face their real problems , instead they can see all the poblems happened in the world by their smartphones .
In the future people will comunute between them by their computers , cellphones , tablets and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
Of course there will exist some more electronical things like some new handys , with functions we could expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
To put it in a nutshell we could say that our global world will be more electronical , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo nt change our lives dramatically .
However , others companies will dominte the half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
They help me to develop and to see the world to a difernt perspective .
Many people think living in the counrtyside provides a better way of life .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country , the authorities have been arranged amny procedures to ensure that the town keeps clean at the same time be environmentally friendly procedures .
Another handy rule has been decided which is the plastic and the glasses need to be thrown in different bins that are available for the public udsage in each supermarket center , in these people can find these bins in easy destinations available everywhere .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town sitizens in order to improve the environment quality and go long with all the procedures that help them live happily healthy life .
' Gravity ' is an otstanding , brilliant , sci - fi film , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock .
After the long sequence of events the remaining astronaut first got to the ISS then with Russian spacekraft moved on to the Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang so she feft very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
The more excited she is , the more dissappointment she had . Mimi catch sight of her lover was kissing another young girl in his room .
Aswell as you know in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown are recyclabe .
This is the main reason why our environment is getting destoryed .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psycologically difficulties ; Pat 's desire of his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilty of her husband 's death .
In these times , we can follow sbd 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' his Faceboog fanpage and , of course , follow news about those famous people .
Fisrt of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken brest , sandwiches , ships ... ) and , moreover , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
Furthermore , going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy ciy life , though .
However , the documetaries are being forgotten and only a twenty - six percent of them would like watching more interesting TV series like Lost .
In Spain the vast mayority of schools are state schools .
I am also a talented cooker for kids , my view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach how to make basic dishes such as ommelettes , spaghetti and more .
The problem about this mansion is that the same hides a lot of secrets and misteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners who are a family whose husband went to war and died so the real ocupants of the house are nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister anne who turns to be one of the most important characters of the film and their mother who is called grace and has a particulary obsession for catholisism .
The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession.however,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horror movie but at its final scene there is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
I would recomend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared scared because it is not as the resto of horror movies , it is a film in which you are continuely discovering secrets as if you where another character .
So that it is a cuestion that required a deeper reflexion for all of us .
Wheter public transport might be the solution , or be more adeccuate or not , it is something with arguments in favour and against .
You do not to wait for a specific time to cath the bus , for example .
However , a lot of people are becaming more and more consciencious about how important travelling by public transport is .
One of the most important reasons is precisily to take care of the environment .
I really liked to work with special effects and the best thing that I learnt a lot about that tehnology .
Summing I prefer doing my shopping by means of websides or auction portals .
He 's been doing great in both academic and extra curicular activities in the school .
On the one hand we could live in a more relaxed way , on the other hand we colud think about settling on other planets .
Then Sergio left Mycrosoft , created his own website which gave him enough money and travelled wherever he want .
As you asked me , I rather sailing on the river than climbling a wall because I want to connect with nature .
Though the modern cities emerging repaidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the enviorment are severly various .
The red coral reef off coast in Austrialia , for instance , serve as shelter for algea and other sea tiny fishes and index of enviroment fragility .
Due to the massive construction of five - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there are cut off and enviromental variations are gone away .
On top of that , It is the regulation capacities of enviorment that for temperature , moisture and even the sandstorms are erode as less plants engage inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen the whole system .
In a response to address these side affects that the civilization bring about , governments must take measures stey by step to tackle them .
Apart from the natural areas , the minimual areas for forests and wetland have to be ensured .
In this place there are guys and girls attending pedagogy organize activities to entratain children of every age .
Not only because of the oil'prices , but also the costs of enssurance , the car , the parking taxes , etc .
In comparisson with a bus ticket that costs four pesos and you are sure that sooner or later it will come .
What about lookig for colleges which offer Wi - fi Internet connection and a proper meal at lunch ?
We have subjetive opinions ; we normally judge because we have a preconception idea .
For example , in work interwies and work that have a direct contact with the public it is better to use a for or smart style .
Overall , my personal opinión is that we give so much importance to the clothes and the appearance than it should be .
Although in some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have freedom to choose what clothesdo they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our life .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincere and close to each other more than these virtual frienships prevailing today .
I already exprienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a benficiary association established for youth friendship .
The best of all in real frienships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions , he will be the same to you .
Despite the bad weather , if you travellled by car , you could park your car near your destination , so that you could arrive comfortably .
I think that I 'm good for this job , because I really sociallize with children .
well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nigth because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finish my whole rutine so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax so I would say that nigth is the most relaxing part of my day so it is the one I prefer the most
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
David is always ready for a joke but amazinly that he has the ability to appear seriously .
I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's unconfortable and it takes a fortune till you arrive at your destination .
Cordoba is a trhee hours train ride south of Madrid , and draws visitors from all over the world
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented to the Meca .
For a job i recomended you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job in the beach because at the sime time you are in the beach you could obtain money .
Among my aquaintances I have a reputation of being friendly , positive and talkative woman .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter waas following the steps of his mom .
Every day scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are hable to pollute less the planet .
It sounds a little bit strange but by installing solar paniels and other features in these homes we live a much greener life , undoubtedly there would be some changes but because we know why we are doing it there would be no problems .
We bring food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a montain , an amazing castle or a tipical market of a town .
The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's chased by the agancy .
It was so exciting and funny listenig to all those musicians , because some of them actually did n't have the skills to play and did n't have the charm needed to warm up the people .
I 've had a little bit of experience in summer baby sitting some kids ; in Italy it is more diffiult to be a babysitter because if you are underage , parents should have responsibility on you so it is better to be over 18 .
Honestly I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can make a few good things like scarbled eggs , pasta and meet .
One of my carachteristics is that I 'm a very precise person , for example I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , endes well .
I am 25 years old and I have finished my studies of psicology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
As soon as the languages I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and Germany fluenly and recenly I have passed the First certificate in English .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with engaging in healh club .
You will not feel self - confident and glad , but your outward appearance wiil be better .
I arrived very exahusted , because I could't sleep the night before .
I was all the day liying in the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredibly time with them .
I 'm catholic , I believe in God but I 'm not very friendly with the Vaticano 's rules .
Travelling by car is so much more conveniente if we think about small places such as villages or small towns .
If you consider the cahotic traffic and the long queues to get there and impact of these factores on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
On the other hand , is possible to find hibrid cars but they are more expensive than those that works with normal fuel and for that reason people 's first option is not this kind of car .
Such strategies will involve taxes above poluent cars , the increase of fuel price and definition of benefits to those who opts for more environmental means of transport .
Shakespeare provided everything the people asked for --- laughter , romance , and tragidies .
We would buy next , impracticable high - heel shoes , which will spend couple of years in wordrobe .
Last but not least disadvantage against for doing the shopping , in the mall could prowl many pickpokets , because they could rob us .
Interestingly the pruchase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
However " Sebu " rocks with a pruchase price of $ 1,000 .
Wherby " Carda " and " Sebu " score with warrnty expenses under $ 150 .
As a long term investion I would choose " Sebus " model even its purchase price is very high .
Inhabits can go to countryside to have a pacnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
Ater natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed in large - scale , there is no close places with beautiful scenes to visit .
The large - scale building land are supporsed to be their home .
It will sabe lots of plants and animals , it will save the environment , so it will save me and you .
She had a feeling that her birthday wo n't be oridinary .
Firstly , just after she had went into the school they greeted her with million colofull balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
Eventually they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexceptable .
In my point of view I recommend you to stop going to sport classes , because I think music classes are better because you can also get a job in a orchesta or something like that .
Ever since a curse was put opon Ailee 's grandmother , the girl has been living a daunting life .
Max was so anxiuos to see all the different kinds of wildlife .
Halfway through the trip Max heard a wierd noise close by and he decided to see what was going on , but before he knew it he was all alone .
Max coud not be happier . "
I had practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , which way of exersising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
She seemed a foreign student in Palmira , in the north of Siria .
Then the daughert 's Stefan , Aurora , goes to live with three faires .
The three faires lead to the castle a prince , Philp , because he has to do the kiss of true love .
After taht Aurora does n't wake up .
Subject : Aplication .
I am writing to apply for one of the positions of camp monitors you advirtised in the last Monday 's Daily news , I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
To begin with , evidently , technological progress has noticeably enhanced individuals'quality of lives , controbuting to the economic growth of numerous nations .
one of my most ecxiting day of my life was the 23rd august 2014 .
! if,(one day)I will have the possibilty to do it I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
I mean a timetable punktuality , time interval to tne next bus and so on .
It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader of chimical sector .
Try to be spontaneus and not too much sliced .
Do not talk too much is a sympton of anxiety .
I worked in that staff more than ten years ago ( new employees recruiments ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to receive a good impression .
I also teach childring at the age of 10 or 11 how to play it .
" Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose the meat ( pork tenderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chile chipotle with potatoes cambray . "
As a matter of fact televiewers are not able to decide the palimpsest , but they still can decide to switch the television off .
I am searching the chance to working your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and your company won last year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profit every year .
According to the CDC the percentage of children age 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years on the Unitated States .
This means that in the past tree decades obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , ashtma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and muskuloskeletal problems .
I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids , I 've experienced all kinds of situtions so I think they wo n't be a problema for me .
As I said before , I have young cousins and we meet on saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entretained .
I 'm also very good at sports , I practice trak & field and pingo pong so sports are n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person so I will be very happy with the accomodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
The cards included the programmee of the concert and some photos of children from all the world .
I did everything by myself because everyone had sometihng to do on their own .
i 've been practicing martial arts for eleven years but i havent lost the passion I feel about it .
Many people oday have pets of all kinds .
First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and mush better is a memeber of the family .
One more advantage of qning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and carring .
On the other hand there are a lot of disadvantages of owing a pet in big citiew .
Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercize outside and not being always in an apartment .
I have heard abou pets that they get sick by living in a small apartment in down town and that is terrible .
In my opinion it might seems good to have a pet if we are teke care of it .
All in all , qing a pet in a big city must be done carefully ensuring all that a pet needs .
In the class , you should take notes and write down what is Iimportant .If you have any question then you should ask teachers to help .
I really do hope you get used to the neigborhood .
Neverthless , I would like to improve some skills and although I did very well , I still got confused .
Nowadays , people is aware of environmetal problems and they will try to figure out .
Moreover , there will be important thecnological advances in our life , like as intelligent mobile phones which could help us with day - to - day task .
Nevertheless , poeople try to save money by every conceivable means .
You have all the kind of german food you can imagine , from sausages with chucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
Most of the paints and photos are from Germany , because that town was occupated by German people many years ago .
Almost everybody has ever thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but we do really know all the advantages and disadvanatges that it entails ?
It is also said that at the hour of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have less difficulties to learn and relacionate with other students because they have had used to it before .
Many automobilindustries are working for a new future of automobils .
Some people argue that this new idea of cars is a milestone for us and it will bring only positiv effects with it .
At the moment people who has got a handicap can not drive a car on theirself .
In contrast self driving cars are very expensice and much people can not buy it .
buses are the mai transport in my area .
when you are not keen on travel by bs and you do not want get the car out the garage , the taxis may be the best option .
conclution
The mayority ; young or old age , since they are n't old enough or they are too old to drive .
This is happening now , and we are not even fully devoloped in technoloy .
So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could meet the signer depply through the songs which compose this amazing CD .
I do not agreee with the idea which says that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters and nowadays , a lot of people is conscious with the global warmig and the envirnoment , and refuses to use the car every day .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
However , so much people love have their own vehicule , a car , a bick , a moto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicule is that you do nt have to take a bus , for example , crowded of people , you can go alone in your car , or whoever you want , but the important is that you chose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has their own pros and cons but in my opinion the difference between both this is that in the secon you chose you own style .
Guys should not go to snowbording .
Most people eat scrammbled eggs and drink a cup of tea .
As usual I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yogurth .
Over the last years , people 's attidute has been changing .
However , public transport has been critised more and more over the last years because of its inconenvience .
Therefore , busses are not running as often or reglulary as they used to .
In the end , the service of public transport needs to change to attract more people and to have a rosieer future .
The purpose of this report is to inform about how the city of Granada take care of envirnoment .
And there is a big universitary commnunity involved in recycling .
However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
I considerer that Granada score 6.5 of 10 about taking care of envirnoment .
When the weather is good enough close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and enterinments .
That day was a terrible day with Michael , he woke up and felt totally exhauted after an overwhelming birthday party .
He did not answer at all , besides , he hit the chair near her , and unfortuantely , that chair hit her in a serious manner .
I think that many google users will be happy if the developpers bring more useful information to the main page , for example weather information , carrency rates or hot news .
Moreover google map service needs some improvements such as street names , map accuracy and more city panorams .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery is orginally German - owned brewery which has been brewering been for almost 400 years .
It contains a liitle museum which is open for tours .
There you could buy some souvenirs - glsses , bottles , T- shirts , cups and , of course , beer !
They serve all meals in small portions ; and they suggest that the servings can be shared ; so everybody can try more itens from the menu .
As a result of this many people are trying new opitions like car sharing .
I 'm a teeneger and now a days I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something .
In the past technology was poor and only a few guys had a smarphone or a computer .
Ear we have some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets and malnutrion …
lacck sense of civic responsibility is lead to bushfire easily .
Its true atractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is in the summit of the Andalusian art is also their location which is unique .
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gardens where you can enjoy amazing artists and orquestras in an unrivalled setting .
After that , the pringting process comes into play .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means mannual check by particular machines and staffs , and then they are classified into 3 different columns , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
As following desriptions , namely , Design , Preparation of matal plates , Printing , Inspection , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
step is inspectation , where the printed sheets should be
If it is not very well , we can destroyed them securly , however , a few sheets may partially damaged , it does n't matter due to the fact that further seperation will assiste you to get the wrong sheets .
Remember when in school you learned the three esential things for living ; reproducction , nutrition and interaction .
Well , humans become more and more sedimentary whith the pass of the time and forget about interaction and mevement .
I might not have the tipical sports women body type , but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement .
My fabourite sport is tennis , although is not the only one I practice is the one I most like to play .
Apart of ovbiouslly having fun and socialice , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
Therefore , in the future , I will keep improving those abilities and become a more oragniezed person .
If you want to start practicising this sport you have to get fit and run a lot because you got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
Let me introduce myself , I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infraestructure company called Acciona .
I was very surprised to hear that you want to spend your year off from university in my countrey and I am also extremely flattered .
It 's one of the most beautiful castels , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this countrey is known for and that is Dracula .
He was actually one of the rulers of this countrey and he 's real name was Vlad Tepes .
And if you want to have some fun also there are some fastivals that you might enjoy .
The biggest one in the countrey is in the cty where I live threfore you 'll have a place to stay and for free .
I hope my advice was useful and I look forwored to seeing you next year the ,
During three years I babisitted my neighbor 's two daughters .
There have been rumors of the contruction of a Metro in our town .
The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of pulic transport in developed countries .
Modern megapolises are suffering from surplus of automobiles .
At the beginning of the 7th century , Cáceres was conqueted by the Arabs .
At the end of the 14th century , Cáceres was conqueted by the Romans .
Therefore it is a multicultural and multirracial society .
The center of the historical city is the Big Square , there are mixed Arabs and Romas buildings , and two cathedrals .
My favourite restaurant is Chinnesse .
In Caceres we can eat Chinnesse food in Food house .
I love swimmming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful , you will feel well after thirty minutes on a pool .
Actually , this sport is very healthy , so some doctors are recomending this type of sport .
Afterwards I will have the right to take part to the intarnational missions for maintaining the peace under the patronage of the European Union .
Secondly , I am going to inform you on how our citizens are tryinq to keep the area clean .
- There are cleaning campagnes twice a year .
- Last year there was a campage for renewing and repairing the most attractive parts of the village .
I hope this report informed you fully on the environmental situation in our villge .
In Budapest the rubbish is collected separetely .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish and then , it was really bright summer morning , I saw that special yellow bin for paper and glass was emtied by the same car with the other rubbish ...
I have been learning English for 8 years after that I sat for FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I start preparing a cetificate advance in English exam even more I could demonstrate my English skill , writing and spoken .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a big part of the society who is sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
It makes my every journey unpleasnt and I feel uneasy all the week before the flight .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , esspecialy when we must travel onshore , then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only by the sea or any sizeable river , which courses are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
In general the facilities are well preserved but the majority of the users think that the installation should have an improvement in the baskteball and tennis courts maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
The workers are very kind and simpathetic and enjoy teaching .
Desadvantages
Our cities put off to much carbon dioxied , making the gobal warmer .
The floods , droughts , and famines , all of these making great effects to human and animals , for instance , the loss of properity , the missing of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
Finally , governments should ues the space properly , like making plans before set up building , estimating the effects to human and animals .
I think I can be the right person for this job , I 'm really patient and I really liove to be with kids , play with them and taking care of them , I always have fun with them .
I also know a lot of cooking because in junior high I took cooking leassons and I learned a lot of variety of plates and snaks .
However , aquaintances of her , the students at the University , comforted her .
Surprisingly when you are practicing this sport you improve your velocity and coordination too , so it could be an interesting point to taking up if you are not involved in it .
Personally what I can say is that practicing this sports make me feel strongly lively and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it especially during the world cup .
Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport so what I advise you to do is do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries but maintain you active to keep your game level .
It is a majestical castle conviniently located on the river .
First of all , they are supposed to be desighed with great care and considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for notes .
Next , it will come to the most improtant step , inspection .
The next step is the most important and it involes inspection , which means good and bad sheets are separated during this process .
One of the measures that we , as world citicens , can take is to leave our cars at home and start to take public transport or to share cars with others .
This is developing diseases and alergies that are affecting the citicens .
Enginers are studying new engines that are more nature friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce green house effects and pollution .
Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving throuhgt the cities .
Some of these oave the same destinations .
Taking public transport can effeciently reduce the emmission of carbon dioxides and will help the earth to recover from those disorders .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statemant that the public transport ha no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
It is importatnt when we work or study in international area .
I think that there is not many disandvantages of learning another language .
Also , I found some books on the internet with Crambridge 's exams .
The Forbidden City , one of the most famous museum in China , has opened its online version to the public , which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flght to Beijing where the museum locates .
Once I visited the museumm finding some pictures of the cave painting in France , but when I got France to see the real painting , I found it is more vivid and can show you how great the France caveman who painted it .
Admittedly , the museum has its owm merits;it is easy to find on the map and always be emphazised as a symbol of a country .
A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy.we can consider it a ecomomical method .
If you decide to find some information about a totally unknowed land , the museum is not a wise option .
Machines can tell us lots of imporatant information .
The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are as in the American films but they are very inconfortable .
It would be incredible if you start your trip in Cartagena which is a caribean and tropical city .
We think that will be convenient for him to apply the Postdoctor position during the period of military service .
His ideal plan is he will try to apply the Postdoctor position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing the military service ( August 2015 ) .
In terms of protecting environment , taking the public transport may cut down the carbon emmittion .
It is the urgent timing to avoid greenhouse problem that people should think how to decrease the carbon emmition .
There are a lot of places where people are setting theirs houses , perhabs we will be living under water ?
Many buildings like skycarpers are suggesting living in flats which exist above the ground and it is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with it own source of light which could replace the Sun .
The marketing departerment also gives me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook .
In my opinion the obsession for the business trasforms society in a ring in which every man will be against his friend only for an excellent career .
The last point that has changed people 's life is the tendency to have the same thougths or the same goods .
Yes it will and I hope that we will improve our thought and we will have the cosciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right of imposing us in the world .
To my mind , beautifulness of music does not depend on its sorts .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activivities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee , surf ... You can make different tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in Spring or Autumm because in summer it is too hot .
In Extremadura you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfragüe Nacional Park or Tajo - International Natural Park .
John talked about the serious problems there are caused by not recycling things as plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of our environment , and all this is causing that loads of acuatic animals expire .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at the daily life with differnet eyes .
There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesting , exhiliring , breathtaking or stunning just as taking up this sport .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of sports which causes an enermous amount of injuries , so that 's necessary to be under constant control of your doctor !
There are a lot of bergains and cheap items on the market , which very often catches our eye but I want definitely warn you against it !
The " Mariahilferstraße " is the perfekt place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malls .
Espacially on a rainy afternoon the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the prefekt way to spend your day .
I 'm also a volonteer among the red cross association , so I 'm used to look after children and organise all kinds of events .
We do n't have to think too much about almost everything , needing no person to company with since we have all these distractive devices for joy and relaxation .
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans , I definitley think that this year of travelling and discoverying will be a great way to grow up , meet new people of different cultures .
I work in the OIL MINSIRTY 's central library on foreign scientific books which concerned mainly in petroleum filed .
Just do not order the pancakes , because they do really bad pancaces .
There are about thousand of animals and in the midlle of it is located a gorgeous castle .
Their novels have much in common : first of all the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heighs by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , which are always well described especially on a psychological level ; furthermore both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
If they want to use it they should try to focus on getting important information which is benefial in improving their knowledge skills .
Nowadays it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more conventient than travelling by public transport but it 's no true at all .
As for the pullotion , it could be reduced if people use the public vehicles ; it is well - known that the CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transportation are 80% less than a car .
They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family insensible for the fans and papparazi .
Sometimes famous people look a little bit different that on the stage and their faces wihout any makeup appear in the Internet .
As a result of this many studies have shown that athletes shuold be motivate to push themselves above the record .
You certainly will learn to fail and win but the most important thing that you will lern is never give up .
It usually starts with small talks or compliments , as at school I was taught that expressing appritiation to people can be a good start of any kind of relationships .
Now the question uder discussion is whether public transport has future as travelling by car is gaining more and more popularity because of its advantages .
It 's not a secret that gas , insurance and reparings are costly .
Safity issue is very important also .
It is obvious that is safer for the environment than thirthy cars with an only person inside .
Moreover , cities ' authorities encourage development of public transport because it creates employment , lessens impact on the environment and contributes to road safity .
He knew that Peter was a little bit irisponcibile , but he taught that the arragement sounded perfect and nothing could go wrong .
But there 's something in her big bright eyes , circled with long brown eyelashes and frecles , that makes her appearance unique and causes Tom 's heart to flutter every time he brings to his mind her piercing stare .
Their transformation from innocent posters to digital screens ranging in size from miniscule to vast has made adverts all - pervasive .
Local people were invited and a talent competiton was held .
I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Logical Programming Teaching Group , that , with the local city hall of Araraquara , aims to transform the city into a national technology , research and software producing center , accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and alghoritms to kids , diminishing future evasion in many exact sciences courses .
It was aweful .
Thus came the question of what I was going to do next , but I was n't ready to make that descission back then so with agreement of my parents I decided to take a gap - year .
I was going to spend the next 6 months in the United States which actually teriffied me .
I also got to know myself better and I have reached a descission of what I want to do next year , I am going to study at the university .
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have a free time and they should be albe to use it however they want to without anyone disturbing them .
The idea of the sublime that Wordswoth had is considered by many as the standard idea of the Romantic sublime : forms of nature that inspire feeling of awe , danger or weakness .
There is also a food court on the third floor , catering to all sorts of customers , as well as a few restaruants on the first and second floors .
Another shopping option is the main streeet in the centre of Viña del Mar , which used to be more popular in the past , but which was displaced by the shopping centres .
I 've always liked to play with kifds and make fun activities with them .
Away from busy and noisy roads , the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels really was for centuries ; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houess and shops in light colours and old - fashioned roofs .
Travelling across the Atlatic Ocean for example requires an airplane or a ship .
Fortunatley ,
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing longest queues in stores - how much unpleasant is souds , it is the reality of nowadays .
Afterwards some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home , it causes more tension and disimproves mood !
On the other hand , the majority feel lazy and they go shopping just for special occasions , without any rush , they dedicate time in search of fashionable clothes , best quality garmets , stylish items .
On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , some special goods , just looking through shelves , trying the garmets on you , asking for consultations , testing products , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase .
Fortunately , this unnavoidable part of our lives is not that problematical anymore , as we may experience the pleasures of online shopping without leaving home .
As a shy person , I can confirm the differences between real life and virtual interacion .
I am at home in my lovely house , where I love every detail of the interier , where every thing is on its place .
My kids are proud to have parants like me and my husband .
Friends , colleagues , family all thes people who was next to me on this way to this wonderful day .
Much shorter than their fellow colleagues , they have always been able to compensate for their physical lacks with an extremely good tecnique accompanied by a strong head .
You have never to surrender : until the last ball has bounced twice on the ground , you have to keep fighting , regardeless of the score .
Nonetheess , it helps to shape your own personality .
She is regreting because their relationship get worse and it was n't what she supposed it could be .
With this in mind money would be spent on constructing a running rute where no - one would have to worry about traffic or obstacules in their way .
Conclusión
The lecturer 's second argument invovles capturing and destroying the toads by volunteers .
One of the main advantages of cutural practices is that they allow societies to maintain their identities and gain economic stability .
My study plan is to untertake a pre - university programme locally to prepare myself for further studies overseas .
It is worth to mention that schools are considering Environment subject is part of the education sytem that should be taught to students .
Trash distribution , using green products that repect the ozone layer , not wasting water and many other actions .
For exapmle , we can take at least one family member with us .
When it seemed impossible to catch him , a girl , who was crossing the street in a wheelchair , crashed into the thief and he fell down on the paviment .
DYI Classes
As most college students will soon leave for university and will live in dorms , without their parents , they are oblidged to solve malfunctions by themselves .
It takes a higher level of creativity and spontaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball match , since its flexible rules , no - coach system , intensified relationship between the player and the crowd , and reduced number of participants widen and complexify its field of possible actions .
But still , our customs had evovled a lot .
Due to the geographicall conditions where Japan is located aside Pacific Ocean , people here are adapted to eat raw fish and would like to put it as a main dish to serve customers in most restaurants .
A successful communication between different cultures will happen only when we express oueselves precisely and interpret the information accurately .
They are courtous and industrious .
And then severything had crashed .
Michael tried not to think about it and to listen instaed to what she was saying ...
Her voice was weak and fleble while she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know and then I thought ... we always talked about going in India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go with India with me ? "
In the case of politicians , I do n't mind what they do in their holdidays , for example , if they work properly when they have to .
I think Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens , so I think we ( as citizen ) have the right to know eveything they do if we want .
I had to take care of other volounteers .
Dealing with other people is the hardest part , escpecially when they 're the same age as you .
When we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside car is irreplecable for families with children or animals .
She used to live in a flat so she had never disovered how much the world was different and beautiful .
Therefore , one should not waste time watching tem .
In these cases , TV is undoubtedly bad entretainment .
If you are looking for a film that provides you with suspense and action at the same time , I recomend you to watch " Now you see me " .
So if you enjoy magic tricks , surprises , very handsome actors and splended actresses , why would you miss it ?
But , lets face it doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singins a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
We will be travelling by car to a campsite in Gemany .
To help in this issue , the nurse should certificate that Mr. Sharma is confortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover faster his respiratory instability ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
Also I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sightseens , to feel culture and speak to nice people !
If you prefer shopping outshide , taking a trip to King Street would be the the thing to do .
If you want typical souvenirs , you can go to the Buckingham Palace , you will find a lot of small shops that sell souvenirs for a reasonnable price .
I have a high level of spoken English , as I have been learning it since early chidlhood .
Companies as Monsanto that engineers plants with steeril seeds , encourage non - sustainable production models that promote the extinction of independent farmers who have to choose between their lifestyle and the new farming era .
In many cases , volunteers are crucial to help maintain life , as when meals are delivered to homebound people .
Things gradually improved day by day for a time and my reneues stated growing .
It turned out that they send my work to a few Instituts and one of them was interested in me .
When you do a technique or defense against a technique , you control your body 's movement and coordinate them to work in the same time .
I throughly enjoyed the lesson and according to student feedback , so did they .
I suggest visitin the Vatican , as I said at the beginning ; the county inside the city .
On the one hand , I have been learning English for so long that my good profeciency have given me the chance to get a position in an international work team .
On the other hand , I have learned French and Spanish just for a few months , because I was curious to learn the oficial language of the countries , where friends and relatives are living in .
The writer lets us observe the fear , anxiety and the defenceslessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from its comatose state and has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
In Korea , we have many kinds of work which is related to English , so you can get a job easliy .
If you get the intership , you can work as a real businessman .
Sheets in the second groups then get seperated into good ones , which , together with good quality sheets , enter a process of packaging and distribution where seperate notes are cut and finally enter the market , and bad ones , which go to disposal with bad quality sheets , where both groups get securely destroyed .
First of all , let me tell the adavantages .
She nooded and made another effort to look around .
The other person was n't convinced howewer .
" He made sure his voice was heard on the streets , to reafirm his social position .
The couple nooded and showed the ID of the man from the other city .
The receptionist nooded and conducted both to the main hall .
It is in these moments where I give it my all , and realize that all the pratice I had really paid off .
I am a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person , and I am also a very responsible person , able to deal with small and medium groups of children , and for this reason I consider myself as suitable for the potition advertised .
First of all , in this film you do n't see a gangster Al Pacino , it 's about a retired army 's coonel who suffers from loneliness and depression .
There is a great public transport syste .
He used to dream him coming in his bedroom , laughing out loud showing off his sharp teeth , threating him with the most horrible punishments .
Secondly public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the enviromnent .
Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the dealines , the exams , and other stuff that forces you to get things done , and , by consequence , teaches you to be a responsible person , which you would need to be when you get a job , you will simple be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you never should take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need , due to fatigue or some other physical or pscychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in an usefull way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intelectualy or doing whatever you think that can enrich your life .
I like to beleieve that , like the old Latin proverb says ( and I have already said this ) , there will be glory at the end to the man who endures hardships in his path .
I hope you do n't think that sharing these thoughts with you makes you my new best buddie .
I am writing in reply to your advertisment published in the local newspaper for the vancancy of Junior Chef .
Moreover , I am currently undertaking a Chef Training Course which provides me , not only practical but also theorical knowledge .
Furthermore , I alwyas try to maintain a positive attitude towards my responsibilities and sort out any problem that may occur .
I have fond memories from my childhood , she was always cheering me up when I was in my sad or difficult times , even when she was not feeing well .
Dancing requires a lot of things , like cordination , flexibility , and physical condition , just to mention a few .
This can differ from the rules your parents have set for you , to the laws created by the governmen .
And , of course , to add up an extra actvity to my CV as I am used to do every summer .
I must say that not all of them are veru easy to work with .
However , I must agree that travelling by car can give you more freedomn , you can carry your shopping and pick up other people on the way .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour and celebs are aware of the fact , that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in one 's private life , when the person does n't want to is basically a synonim for trespassing .
If there is any problem with the cash registrer ( very common , actually ) , you have a phone number under it of a good technician .
He was following an important European summint on environmental issues .
Such experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people 's life and their surrouding .
- access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of your own car ; though initially it might look like a huge disbursment of money from the community , in the long term it shows to be the most efficient way to travel !
This kind of action , when peformed collectively , requires coordenation of efforts and abitity to work together , two qualities that are frequently forgotten in our individualistic world .
If you play footbal , you know how to act when in a team .
Moreover , footbal is a physical game .
In times of escalators and cars , it is refreshing to find an activity that involves movement , velocity and strenght .
In fact , it can be argued that the human virtues are a by - product of conflicts and fights ; that they are that traces of character that we aknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a competition , be it for a trophy or for a country .
In a club you will find professional advice and also as many peopole as it is necessary for a match .
My name is Aly Meeuws , I am 16 years old , I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future , so this would difinitely be a great experience for me especially for my English and being away from home .
Besides that , I also really enjoy cooking with my mom at home so working in the kichens would not be a problem at all .
Finally it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technoogy .
Namen and Kinnison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the three types of social interactions that social networking enables include ( 1 ) creaction of an online identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationships between users , and ( 3 ) development of layered communities defined by the lists of connections each user establishes " .
On the other hand , on Facebook people can share pictures , vídeos and thoughts without restrictions .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA used Facebook to share a vídeo of a felony with the expectancy to identify the suspects and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in return to the publication .
For example , while women think about millions things like what they want to do or have to do during the day , while men just do nto think about anything and can be like that for hours , just whith a blank mind .
I also learned that is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man 's mind , and depending on her he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help and be an honor man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
Women do not knoe their importance for the future on their own homes .
I found this movie both exciting and emocional , both thumbs up for me !
We regulary organise film projections and discussions around a subject related to the film .
For example , with every film seen our students have the chance to practice their language and to develop their own opinions , particularly as we always have discussions aroud a subject related to the film .
Also our monthly speakers are exellent , for example , last year we invited a well - known actrice , Janet Hewitt , to share some of her experience on Broadway .
Unfortunalety , organising this kind of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough .
Being founded in 1920 by our well - known alimni , John Carter , the English Language Club is the oldest club in our college .
The fact that everyone from the community cand participate at our events is helping us to develop a positive relation between the college and the community .
We hope you will be ablte to take all thisinto account and will find it possible to help us continue and improve our club by funding us .
It was a hot summer day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes at the cleanners , everyone except Peter .
On her left hand there was a large steaming cup of coffee that landed on Michael 's new shirt when he bumpped into her .
One second later , Michael was covered in coffee , burnt and sticky and his mobile phone screen was twinking until it finally turned off with a dying flash .
In this article a teacher refltcts on his experiences of creating plays and using them to help motivate students to develop their English .
The most effecnive way is to practise every lesson for ten minutes at the beginning and end .
Some learners will not want a spiaking part , you can even ask them to be promters .
Also they can see how much language they can produse .
Regarding my academic experience , I am currently completing my degreee in Primary Teaching and Psycology at the University of Valencia , Spain , where my current speciality is in misbehavioral children .
So far , I have recieved excellent grades in all sabjuects , and I am on course to graduate with distinction at the end of the semester .
Encoled you will find photocopies of all relevant certificates .
It was from the most dangerous and terrifyng gang of the village .
That was the first crime I comited and here I am now , in jail .
If you like animals you 'll ejoy seeing that beautiful horses running and vaulting as fast as they can .
However , I personally think that it should not be regarded too critically but should only be handled responsably , according to one 's personal needs .
Before the trip started , the company who decided to make this trip said that everything was perfectly calculated so that it was imposible to have any kind of problem with the spacecraft .
When you are sitting on the plane next to your instructor , with your legs hunging and your arms crossed … It makes an indescribable impression on you .
And obviously , you should n't be afraid of hights to enjoy skydiving fully .
My colleauges are nice but the management are terrible and recently I just stopped talking to them .
Perhaps it is not their fault that this entire operation is so dysfuntional .
In these cases , jounalists themselves should realize that they are taking it too far and that they should respect them a bit more .
During this period , the town has seen extensive growth in residential areas and local amenities , and a modernisation of leisure faclilities .
She was walikng around the city thinking about the job she just lost .
Everything was looking perfect and it was something she enjoyed ndoing before the accident took place .
This is easy word to understand , but it hides more than defination says .
I had 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand nzmed companies:"Barbie","The Children 's World","My Toys".In these companies I was engaged in advertising of toys .
These images became the subject of Feurer 's eponymos book , lavishly illustrated with 175 photographs , illustrating his five - decade long career .
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the wishes of the students who took part in the survey that was conducted lst week in our school .
Improvemnts on socialising opportunities
Modern life orders our days and weeks in a packed schedulle of activities : job , children , housework , fun , free time ...
By the time he arrived at the rivershore , some of his colleagues were already digging the ditch .
I remember the warmth of twilight wnich lures you to the heart of this town .
I remember children , running about the small squares in fronf of the cathedrals ; elderly people in wheelchairs ...
Nevertheless , when you are learning a language , it brings confussion .
As a concecuence , he had no money to pay for a sod , so he was thirsty all morning .
Tom was getting really anxious , worryng that he would never make it back to his job at 2 pm , the flight arrived .
Moreover , in Red Square one can see the Muasoleum , which is also can be called one of the symbols of our capital and the country .
A corious fact is that out of the five most popular sports in the world only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that 's exactly what sets him apart from the others .
While watching or playing any kind of sport , there 's nothing worse than a team or a player trying to waste time untill the clock runs out , the game becomes dull and boring and you ca n't enjoy the excitment that only the uptempo style of play can provide .
The bottom line is ; a fast paced game is a much more exciting experince for players and viewers as opposed to a slow paced one and that makes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desireable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations , and the combination of the two is the only way to success , so if you want to be a good player you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and surveing the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you .
The " 10 000-hours rule " is said to have a scientific base , in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that stablished it .
A net took place from South of France to Switzerland , espescially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
But now , they told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Insrael for what they did during these hard times .
As the population grows exponentially , the resouces fail to go along .
The hard truth is that until somenoe has to face the situation himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain from wasting energy , food , materials , water ...
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay , You will meet some of the most popular places of this beautiful conuntry .
Kyiv is a good destination for the shoppoholics .
The best manufacturers of clothes , linnen , accessories have their shops there . Jewellery and watch shops can also be found nearby .
Different shops will offer a wide range of goods and impresse with interesting design ideas and unique style .
Even though their couple was of the quarelling type , everyone around them , friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair was as solid as a rock , and despite the ups and downs , love had always won in the end .
Frist of all , the biggest problem is that the world 's resources are extremely unequal .
Secendly , with the increasing of the earth 's population , the area of farmland is also decreasing .
People in economically developed areas are in the pursuit of the perfect life and the people in the undeveloped areas are strving .
Grandma 's wrinkled face can be horrofying at night .
