There is a commercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kinds of businesses : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , grocers , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
The quality of the products and services is quite good , because there is huge competition . However , I recommend you be careful of fakes or cheats .
Next , I will have a chance to attend big parties or events and I can make friends with famous people . It 's interesting !
To be a journalist , I must study very hard , so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream come true .
I remember to go from my town , Palermo , to Milan was about 340 pounds . Now , if we are lucky , we can get to New York .
In England , where I live , in Bedford , we use the train a lot to go to the most important towns in the UK , but the trains are very expensive . Me and my family are careful to go off peak because the prices are too high .
They usually lack language and can not start a debate .
On the other hand , they might want to safeguard the national image .
I have been keen on mountain biking since three years ago .
It 's important to avoid accidents , be comfortable and have a good journey .
Secondly , he or she should buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .
All of us have a good time .
Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I saw .
The movie is about Lucy 's family , who move into a farmhouse that is mysterious and
Those two times were with the orchestra that I play in .
But when I was there , I began to make new friends that I never thought I would have , and I never imagined the way that I was going to know them either . At the beginning , I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
In Acapulco I had a good time because I stayed in the same room as my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
There we visited the central park and we stayed in a very luxurious hotel .
We were very happy there . We really liked Taxco .
Actually , I had already been there before , but not with my friends .
Then we returned to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
This sport is for real men .
That is what everyone says when we ask if they prefer public transport or car .
Sometimes the staff go on strike and we customers do not know in time . As a result , we can not get to work on time . That is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the car is that petrol is very expensive , but public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantage is not so good , actually .
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job because the viewers were waiting with bated breath to find out what the ending of this film would be .
Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , who was played by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thriller , which must be seen if you want to have a good time , given that it achieves keeping you in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
Perhaps when we are shopping in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask the assistant for a bag or something similar to carry this food or other things home .
We could bring a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to shop in each shop , we wo n't use more plastic or paper .
But we should n't forget the pollution cause by cars . We should use a bicycle or public transportation more .
Also , in the same way , we should walk to our destination .
I love sports but I do not get many opportunities to play a sport . I was born in a village in India . My parents are farmers like most other villagers .
The only playground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rocks and not good for playing any sports .
When I was a child I helped my father with his jobs after school .
I watched most of the matches .
Sachin and Ganguly were my favorite cricketers . I love their batting .
It was the summer holidays and Michael 's family were at the airport waiting impatiently for their flight to Mexico .
About 10 minutes later , they were starting to get bored , when they heard a girl calling them to board the plane .
Michael usually had a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
When the big family got off the plane , they realized that they were wearing too many clothes ; it was boiling ! !
Some minutes later , they designated how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
When Michael got up in the morning , he realized that his kittten had disappeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
He thought that the dog had eaten the kitten during the night , so he shouted at Tom , opened the door and went away .
So , my favourite sport at the present time is street workout . I have been doing this sport for a long time already .
I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside is below zero .
Of course , in summer , I like to exercise more than in winter , but this does n't stop me .
If it is very cold and wind outside , I do n't worry about it and I exercise at home .
For those people who want to start to do the street workout , I advise you to start with basic exercises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
These are all basic exercises and they will help you make a good start .
After some time , when you feel that you are ready for more , you can start to do more difficult exercises .
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences run around my head , but how to write them down correctly ?
How can I use it ?
But his mother hated his wife and always shouted at her .
In contrast , his wife respected and loved his mother and never complained to her husband about these bad situations .
Michael 's only fault is that he is a mamma 's boy .
Because of this , he always defended his mother and always said the wife was the one responsible .
His wife decided , because she loved him , to forgive and apologize to her mother - in - law .
When he came , his mother asked him to up quickly , pretending that she was tired .
His wife walked behind him until they reached home but his mother claimed that his wife said cruel words to her and pretended that she was crying .
Edison is said to have created the first commercially practical incandescent light .
Edison began serious research into the incandescent light bulb in October of 1878 , and his original design was in 1879 .
Edison and his research team made his discovery commercially and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
Everyone was eagerly waiting for the ambulance 's arrival , but it still had not yet reached us . The reason was our college location is quite far from the city . That 's why it was late .
We were waiting patiently . Finally , the ambulance arrived and took him to the hospital immediately .
Recently I saw a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to do any difficult job .
On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't have any posters .
I live in São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , in Brazil .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado close to the Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area is used to construct a new university building .
We have done several movements , but sometimes it has not worked .
Secondly , the council does n't care about the environment ; for example , the council stopped the garbage collection when the new mayor took over the council .
It demonstrated that the effort that was made in the last 10 years was over because of the new political position of the mayor .
It is so stupid because the environment needs to be more important than political positions .
Instead of using selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or a sanitary landfill , we have used a dumpfill that is contaminating the soil .
In conclusion , in my city , concern for the environment 's protection is not working as it should for the protection of soil , environment and health .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
They do n't care about the environment because it does n't give anything to them .
Most organizations know how management accounting practice affects their work . Therefore , they choose good programmes and employees .
I was in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist , but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
At first , I called a travel agent but he said he would n't be able to book me a flight for two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip , and he told me he would book a flight sooner than that good - for - nothing travel agent .
He booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because at that moment he had n't got enough cash on him .
The worst thing was finding that out at the airport .
I really love learning English language & French language and Spanish language , and I speak Arabic .
I have just finished my lunch break , and before preparing everything to go to work , I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a little surprise with these fantastic photos . I hope you like them .
Half an hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We were lucky they had an amazing wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fun activities . He said to the bride and groom that they should each get into an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as they could , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
I am keen on running during the night time .
In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
Monsteration was a very lively monster . He always migrated to the north every Monday .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , he was the opposite . He killed people , destroyed complete cities ; he smashed all the architecture of the city , and did a lot of bad things .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I think had no cure . It was called " The Monsteration Infections " .
Scientists were trying to find a cure for the Monsteration Infections , but they still do n't have it .
In their laboratories , they had a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
They had to isolate the chemicals to find the formula to have the cure .
The scientists that were making the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
I have needed to use English a lot of times during my professional activities . For that reason I took some English lessons many years ago .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
Currently , I 'm working as a teacher at the university and teaching in English is my goal .
I 'm writing now without using a dictionary and doing this composition without translating from Spanish ( I hope hahaha )
I 'm sure I 'll have made many mistakes , but I feel good because I must write and write and write . I need to improve my English level . I must not feel bad if I want to finally learn English very well .
I hope you can help me understand more about how to improve my English level and develop my skills .
I like to work out on push up bars .
On the weekend I stayed at home . I started reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing . I laughed a lot because of the things that the characters said .
The other things I did were sleep , eat , and watch TV .
Her father and her mother died before they got to the hospital .
Mia survived but she is in a coma and she has to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
Later in the week , I spent the day drawing .
I drew a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
I just slept and watched movies at home .
The day before I started school , I did an investigation for literature class .
Serbia is my country where I have been living for 24 years .
If you would like and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .
Nowadays , the public do not like to travel on public transport to save time as well as money .
The Metro is even good for the health of the people as there is no pollution because it runs on electricity and it also connects most of the city . As Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
So , now there is a chance for you to play the god .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitating the faces and posing as gods " .
I think paying expensive taxes on personal cars could reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order to solve the traffic problems .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy a car with expensive tax , so people have to use public transportation , such as buses , the subway , etc .
From June to September of 2013 , I worked for a tourism company . My position involved looking after groups of people going to England . This previous experience makes me suitable for the job advertised .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and committed .
I do sports such as football , basketball and chess , and with these skills , I could help children have fun while teaching them all the benefits of doing sport .
In applying for the job offered , I am willing to work in all different sorts of jobs . I do not mind which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
I am really overwhelmed to be the third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of whom are my parents of 45 years of age and my little brother , Patrick-14 years old in a mischievous manner .
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable minds are a reference to their hobbies - reading .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
But the problem is , Russian drivers are not used to keeping this line free .
For example , American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train . I mean it comes at an exact time , like a train .
That 's my dream " when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I had achieved my dream .
I am on my way to improving my English . I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
to teach children and adults in my country good English , and I want to avoid traditional education .
The best thing that can encourage me to open this center is that I have 5 friends in my country who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy about joining me in my center .
Alex , I and my friends are going to the cinema at the weekend .
Would you like to join us ?
We are going to see an action movie .
If you want to join us , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
Public transport has no future . The crisis in 2008 has reduced oil prices , The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the government give incentives for consumers .
One day in October , Michael , a boy who was studying architecture discovered a box with a message . While he was opening the box , he heard a door open .
At that moment , a big man came into the bedroom .
This man was his father , who was dead .
He spoke with his father and he asked him why he was there , and his father replied that he had the biggest secret about his family .
This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I want to work in your cafe .
I worked in a cafe last year in my country . I can work long hours .
Many doctors recommend the practicing of sport , because it is very healthy for our bodies and for our minds .
Every day , there are many articles and news items that talk about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
Even if you do n't lose weight , you can gain endurance and flexibility .
When I am in water , I feel free and very hastily .
Start and then you can explain to me how you are .
I have 1 sister . Her name is Tina . She is annoying .
I like being in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do n't like homework but I do n't forget it . I am good at teasing my little sister and I am proud of it .
I have also got a cat . Her name is Chelsea . My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I am looking forward to Friday when I am going to the cinema with my friends . We 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
I watch a few tv - series , but I watch them on the internet , so I am not trying to time the clock to see an episode .
I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talking English " when I speak English .
I mean when he wants something he just says give me that .
I like to speak English at school too , but my friends do n't like it when I speak it in school , so I speak Swedish there .
My favourite lessons are the Swedish lessons because I like to write stories .
We can get knowledge more easily and we learn more easily , too .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We really have a lot of things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we can make an action to interact with others . So , maybe it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our health .
They help us to communication with the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things but we lose more time for many other interesting things .
On the other hand , we still have a lot of other technologies to create a lot of useful machines , on - side services to make our life better and better day by day .
Transportation helps us go abroad more quickly , even go into space on a tour .
We feel more happy , comfortable and refreshed after something like that .
You take the world in your hands with technology to make your life better and better actually , but it is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
We are worried that if the trees do n't get planted soon they will never grow again .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
Public transport has improved regional development in the past decade . It 's convenient and necessary for city life .
But when it comes to travelling , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not want to go where everybody goes .
And , there 's really enough development on our planet . It would be better if we could leave some place empty , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
But Sri Lanka 's cricket team won the World Cup in 2014 .
You can start playing cricket game .
But they are not famous and we ca n't go to everywhere in the world .
In my opinion , cricket is best for you . You could be a good cricketer .
People were singing and shouting - they all seemed to be really happy .
But let 's talk about working there .
Well , I am writing to tell you about my last summer .
The staff were really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were kind all the time .
I learnt lots of things , such as dealing with money and tickets and watched movies for free .
We got to work at four in the afternoon and it was very relaxing . I had a day off when I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met handsome guys .
First , as everybody knows , the cost of fuel is increasing more and more . Adding to that the bills that owning a car will bring , it becomes immediately clear that it is cheaper to get around by public transport .
I would say that this is because the public transport is not so efficient as it should be .
In my town , for example , I have waited for up to forty minutes before I could get a bus .
I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would leave their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
Secondly , the environment would improve . As far as I can see , the pollution caused by traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is true as far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , the fewer cars there are around , the quicker you can get where you want to go .
In conclusion , I would really like politicians who care about public transport to improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and get around much more easily .
I have been playing basketball on weekends since I was little .
I play basketball and baseball like there is no tomorrow .
I ca n't imagine life without sports .
The most people travel by car , because the public transport is not convenient for people to use .
The general transport facilities can be divided into three types .
On the land , the railroad and highway are the path through most city roads .
On the sea , including the and port facilities .
In the sky , including airplane flights and airport facilities .
Transport facilities and economic development have a close relationship , and utilized of land is more important .
When integration of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport facilities will be convenient for people to use .
To sum up , although we do n't want our life to change , it is normal that it will undergo different changes .
The reason why I would recommend someone this sport is that children who are not interested in their studies or would not be able to study .
In that case , chess would help him . It would make the child 's mind sharp and he would not get distracted by his surroundings .
The local transportation has become difficult and expensive ,
Public media also must educate people in the importance of local transport and how they can preserve it .
The government must save gasoline and jazz to solve the problem .
People also have an important role in solving this problem .
They should conserve energy by using buses instead of using their own cars .
I thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above all , and regardless of the sport you have chosen , it is paramount to do some sport , whatever sport you choose , such as spinning . That is my favourite sport .
My piece of advice for taking up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is good for your health .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythm of the music louder and louder . This gives me high energy each time I go spinning .
If you want to start doing some sport , first of all , think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you have a good time , go ahead and make the most of your time enjoying the sport . Nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
The more sport you do , the better you feel . Indeed , your mood will not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
The advantages they get are the following : they do n't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
To conclude , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there is no doubt that the public transport system would be less inconvenient than travelling by car .
The process for making bank notes can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
First , the bank notes are considered how to design , including background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then , they are prepared by skilled machinists .
The notes have special ink with colour on both sides , which raises images slightly .
The most important step is inspecting the notes to see which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separate bank notes and packed into cars in order to be dispatched all over the city .
Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really suits us .
It is the kind of thing that anybody can do and it affects all parts of the body .
Public transport offers a possible solution to the problem , because many people can be transported in one vehicle .
Secondly , if you use a car , you do n't have to wait a long time to catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive late for work in this situation .
I believe that using your car has a lot of advantages or benefits . It is more comfortable and less expensive .
My favourite sport is yoga .
I read your letter . I would like to know some details about what places you want to visit .
Is it better to use public transport or private transport ?
Well , ecologists say that getting around using public transport is more beneficial for the environment than using a car or motorbike .
But does it actually have a future ?
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable to having to run to catch a bus , wait for a train , etc .
But if you take the bus , you have to get off at a bus stop , which may be a bit far from where you want to go .
Also , it has to be said that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , using public transport wo n't be necessary .
Transport is important , but a car is more reliable for families if they travel together without waiting for transport .
The Indonesian government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and do neither the citizens .
This has caused our river some big problems , such as disease , unpleasant smells , floods , etc .
I myself , seeing the river filled with garbage , always seem to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant appearance of the garbage .
And also , besides the river , the road in the city is also polluted by garbage .
The condition of my country is really critical , I think .
There are a lot of high - rise buildings and it causes flooding along the high - rise buildings ' section .
I wonder if the citizens in my country and town could make a better environment by throwing garbage away in the correct place and trying using eco - friendly transportation .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizens to be more responsible for what they do . And I think that 's enough from me .
But they did n't do that much after finding out this truth .
I hope the Indonesian government take action regarding this situation because , if it continues , then Indonesia will be the most unclean country over the other countries .
She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she had fallen in love with , had written a letter to her .
Then the friends could not fail to pay attention to Alison 's words .
She read the letter with a lot of passion , because it was obvious that Juan was interested in Alison too .
While all the girls were listening to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
Alison always thought : " If I had not told this story to my friends I would have spent all evening with Juan "
Like with other things , prices increase , from food to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , electricity . Then people choose public transport in the future .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was at school to learn to swim and it became my favourite activity when I was really tired .
I was with my sister and my friends and I had a wonderful time .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy and improves problems with the back , so going swimming is really beneficial for me .
Swimming is one of the best sports to do because it requires all parts of the body .
Cars and buses become dangerous and cause problems in the street .
Why do we have a fridge in every single home ?
Every day people think about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food . Why ?
How many times do you go shopping for some snacks ?
I remember that my childhood was very quiet and happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Really , I tell you that I was , like , a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portions : soup and meal deal .
So we can start from the beginning : first , was breakfast , which included some cereals with hot milk .
Later I was at home at dinner time and had some dessert .
Can you see how easy and regular a life I have got .
Now , I am a 28-year - old woman who does n't have time for normal dinner because I 'm very busy .
Today , I wake up at 07.00am and grab some kind of bread with jam , drink a coffee , but more often than not , just have time for half a mug and run to work .
What happened to my healthy life which I wanted to have when I was a child ?
Why does everything look more difficult and harder than it was before ?
She went to the train station and got a ticket to London .
She stood there and read the note again . The address was near to Big Ben .
When the train came she smiled and got on and sat down .
She turned her head and saw him . " He was following me " , she thought . " Well , I should ask him what he is doing here " .
" What are you doing here " asked Alison . He looked at her but with a bad smile , and turn his head .
First of all , finishing high school is a rite of passage that indicates the beginning of a new chapter for students .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you gain a lot of knowledge , culture , discoveries and , with all of this , you gain personal experience .
They can not enjoy this chapter with young and fresh thoughts .
Finally , to make a decision to not go to a university when you finish high school is n't the easiest action to take .
It is a big decision , that brings great consequences and great experiences .
Whatever the choice is , it will leave a mark on their lives forever .
Be careful and choose well .
If in a city people use public transport more than their own private vehicle , then it will help to protect the environment and ease traffic as well .
The future of public transport will be measured on the basis of the advancement of the private vehicle .
Technology is becoming more advanced .
Many people say that , at school , all students have to start a sport and do it regularly .
As an example , if a student needs to recuperate a subject or has to get a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
In contrast , doing a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility , but the most important thing is that we are always active so our body can get good results .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
I saw it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
products list ( I suppose it has been sold out ) .
will be available again ?
In my opinion , they are not my friends . If your parents were your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
They would consider you as an independent person .
Accordingly , you would take responsibility for what you did .
There are some reasons why they are not , as follows .
Next , they do n't believe my skills are good .
They always look at me like I 'm a kid who never grew up .
I prefer being alone to living with them .
In my opinion , watching TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
There is one argument that says that the TV promotes us .
The main reason for this is that TV teaches us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
A good example of this is the large amount of informative news which we are allowed to get .
This clearly shows that TV is teaching .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us , while others believe that it can also educate .
It was invented by a talented athlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport became very famous from when the first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
I have really enjoyed watching and playing football since I was a kid .
There are several reasons why people really enjoy soccer so much .
Nothing is permanent in this world . I 've heard these words from the mouths of my parents and now it is in my heart and helps me to deal with this kind of life .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar are going by , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person has .
A complicated ways from before , advanced technologies make it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect ?
The digital age has been a big problem for the music industry because the new technologies and the internet have helped music piracy .
The people already do not buy a CD , they simply download it .
It is a shame that a person works for many months people want to enjoy his work without having to pay ; it is literally stealing .
It is like you designing a chair and people taking it without paying .
Today , many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture . For example , marriage or the age for marriage , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new types of family and many values .
This perspective on life is inspired by counter - culture movements and some people call these people " alternative " , but they are more common each day and this creates an inclusive and diverse society .
The culture is changing in this way . Maybe it could be wonderful for human freedom .
The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of the week .
Now , we forget big dinner tables that are surrounded by family members .
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days .
That was the best place I have ever been .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John , decided to take a vacation in Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
They searched for flight tickets , rental car , and hotel .
About one month before departure , they researched on the internet the places that might interest them .
There were Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and , the most exciting thing was buying chocolates .
One day before going , Michael suddenly had a problem .
He needed to follow his family to the town .
Adam and John were very angry .
They said they had already planned everything and Michael had happily ruined the vacation .
They needed to think again about the budget and all of the other stuff .
Michael could n't stand anymore . He scolded his friends and said something that no one would want to hear .
She tried to have a calm talk with her son in his room .
She said money can cause everyone pain if it is not settled very well .
Michael tried to think wisely again .
He accompanied his mother to his room 's door .
He called his friends back and managed to sort out the mess .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly an old man entered the conversation and gave a foolish speech .
Everyone makes mistakes . No one can say I have not made any mistakes in my life .
Or do you really regret what you have done ?
There is a lot of private transport in the streets .
However , travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car , but you can never know what might happen with your car , where it might get stuck in traffic or some other accident might happen .
Private transport gives us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
We get nervous because we are responsible not only for our lives but for other people 's , too .
And , also , we have to understand that using public transport is cheaper than using a car .
Let 's take a bicycle to travel to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
Public transport will have no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
Public transport is not suitable for luggage .
It is more fun when we travel by car .
Visit Big Budda on Lamma Island , see the beautiful night view on the Peak .
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you could teach English for a summer school .
I will get some information for you if you are interested in that .
Write to me when you have fixed your itinerary , and looking forward to seeing you in Hong Kong .
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will bring us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car . Yes , the car we have been using all our lives .
Let me explain my reasons . When you drive your car , you can take it from your garage or outside the main door of your house and it gets you to wherever you want . But on the other hand , if you take public transport , it will be much more inconvenient because you have to catch the bus at a bus stop ... Where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you have to take the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time . On the other hand , it is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have any coins to pay the bus driver ? Here comes the problem .
You have to look for a shop to turn your money into coins .
Obviously , you are late for work , even if you have an appointment to have an interview for a job .
They are going to see a new film about James Bond .
Alison is very happy because she had not seen Tom for two months .
He had to study in a different country and they had not seen each other for months .
Alison goes to a bus stop and she waits for a bus .
When she arrives at a shopping centre , Tom is already waiting .
His father saves him from a fight but he dies and Symba is sad .
He moves to another place because he does n't want to be in the same place where his father died .
But he gets to know Timon and Pumba and they make Symba believe again that life is good .
Then , Symba saves Pumba from a lion and this lion is Nala , who is an old friend of Symba .
That is all I can say . I love football very much .
Yes , we can say that the car is much more convenient . But not every person can afford a car .
and the second one is the fashion or style of young people who do n't like going somewhere using a car rather than a bike .
There are also limitations there .
But that does not mean that public transport does not have a future .
If we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . But public transport is a much needed service in big cities as well as small villages .
If you are dying of hunger , you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at restaurant # 57 , which is on the third floor of Gum .
It 's the capital 's central park where you 'll find lots of interesting things .
His hobbies are listening to music , playing computer games , watching football matches and watching TV .
I remember two contrasting moments . One day , we had to create a team to do an exercise which used the brain ; they chose me .
It is a language that many people speak and know .
People speak differently , but with a basic level , they understand English .
I think if the whole world had only one language it would be better .
Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was dealing with failures and kept telling myself that it was n't a big shame because I had tried my best .
Sometimes , I feel tired of walking , especially on sunny days with high temperatures , but that ca n't make me stop doing this sport .
When I 'm walking , it can refresh me all the time and makes me feel good .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had made at my university to have a good job in my specialization , as a lawyer .
But in Egypt no one gets what he deserves . You have to pay a lot of money to have a job or know someone who can use his authority to appoint you .
So , I wanted to get a job in another state , like Dubai . I heard jobs there are very good and the salaries . I have submitted my CV for various jobs ,
Finally , I see that I have very high marks for my education , but do I not have the ability to work in real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
3 ) Meryy refused to borrow money .
5 ) I look forward to meeting you .
Even if I want to focus on my work , they create one or the other issue to distract me .
We can change everything that harms us if we need to , if we have the will .
The reasons for stress are more diverse ; perhaps because we have an exam period , family problems or because we think in a negative way , or we have destroyed ourselves through long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfort , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves , because it 's very harmful . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that have happened to you , talk with someone who you trust , get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best friends , and there are a lot of things you can do ...
Secondly , there is not a lot of variety in the desserts , mainly fruits and puddings .
There are not many healthy drinks . There are not many hot drinks either .
It is thought that you should change the type of food regularly .
You should also reduce fast food , which makes people obese and is not healthy .
It would be better if you offered drinks according to the weather , so , when it 's winter , we would like a hot drink and , if it is summer , we would like a chilled drink .
I 'm writing to you regarding an advertisement I saw on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy on your cafe staff .
For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my income , helping me to pay my bills .
The first time was in London for 6 months , and most recently , in Berlin for 8 months .
I actually liked it quite a lot . I just loved all the suspense and the parts where they leave you hanging . It 's just really interesting . The movie is about the American government , who annually give 12 hours when all crimes , even murder , are legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join in . You can kill whoever you want .
The diagrams illustrate the process of producing bank notes .
After designing them , metal plates are prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , the image is raised gently by a special type of ink .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked to see whether they are of perfect quality or not .
In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are separated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from getting into the market .
That 's how bank notes are produced from paper to what we can use to purchase goods in our daily life .
Firstly , there are plenty of people who ca n't buy a car , and so , the only option they have is to travel by these modes of transport .
The ticket does n't cost too much and it is affordable for the majority of people , at least compared to buying a car .
Secondly , public transport is more efficient for travelling long distance than cars and people would n't have to purchase fuel .
Consequently , you can be robbed or get sick .
But , by observing all these people , you can enrich yourself with the different cultures and manners the others have and incorporate new topics .
Public transport is useful but sometimes inconvenient and cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
I remember I woke up at 6 o'clock to take the train and went to Paris in France .
After 4 hours sitting on an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and I went to the hotel .
No need to pay the full amount , because they have many people who board the bus .
Public transport helps us to know our country and enables our body to move from one place to another .
For example , we have to walk to go to a place , whereas a car can park in the place where we want to go .
All villages have a bus stop where the bus stops to pick up or drop off passengers .
And some buses drive at night to transport passengers .
Without it , many people would have a lot of difficulty going somewhere or returning home .
However , there are some disadvantages with public transport . They cause many traffic jams . This is because the buses are large and difficult to control .
The bus will not drop off the passengers where they want to go , because they have to drop them off at the bus stop .
Day by day , the country is developing more and more . Nowadays , we have trains .
Many people travel by train because they arrive quicker than the bus and are cheaper in the long run .
Public transport helps us in many different ways .
Is your family happy that you came back ?
I am writing to tell you that I met my aunt Lisa when I was in London last month .
way to get around .
For me , the most interesting one is sightseeing around the city and discovering its monuments and landmarks .
However , there is also an endless of leisure activities , such as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks .
If that is not enough , you will be able to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bars .
In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will be useful for us only , so they are always careful about rubbish and try to clean the village .
Whenever they go outside , they always keep a plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish they will not throw on the road or outside .
D. Perhaps bilingual school creation might be a good idea for Colombian education improvement , but it would be appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .
The whole picture shows us the process of making bank notes .
It depends on five main steps , which include design , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and destruction or disposal depending on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
Above all , the design is the most important step we should know , which involves considering the background color and artwork .
Eventually , the most essential part comes . We need to inspect the quality of the sheets .
It cosumemed the power which includes humans and machines .
To begin with is design , we have to consider background colour , artwork , and security issues , and then we are supposed to prepare metal plates , using skilled machinists .
The most important step is inspection . The printed sheets should be manually inspected .
If partially damaged sheets exist , the bank notes should be separated into good and bad .
But time changes and things change with it .
Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of keeping it until they find a bin .
So , the ugly truth is , my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards rectifying this .
In the right - hand corner , there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to allowed to sell knives .
It is true that there is an increase in violence compared with the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns is a better world .
He only enjoyed staying at the hotel watching television .
Once he had woken up , he went walking outside the hotel for the first time .
Today , for some reason , he had this feeling that something interesting was going to happend .
Suddenly , he heard something . Was it an animal ? , he thought .
Max froze . He did not know what to do .
The lion was getting closer and when he reached Max he lay on the floor and looked at the boy .
Max spent the rest of the day thinking about that lion until he went into his room . " What an amazing day ! " ,
I look forward to the result being released .
Continue studying
Unfortunately , my previous studies were in Arabic .
This prevents me from achieving my goal .
As part of my plan to improve my English skills , I decided to search on the internet for any free program which could help me with the plan to improve my English writing .
I found your website and this is my first try .
For example , when a man or a woman has finished smoking , he / she throws the earth cigarette instead of in the right box .
In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'd have a fine to pay .
I think it is important that , not only in the family , but also in school , we could raise a new generation sensitive to the ecological problems of the earth .
In this way , we would have the possibility to change .
It 's great for me to write about sports and health .
I had to go jogging a few years ago .
I often finished up very tired because I never did sport .
Although I go jogging , I also do another sport , swimming .
I usually go two days a week but next month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to enter a local competition .
On the one hand , this sport is good for my health . I keep fit .
At this moment he woke up .
He noticed that he was trembling " it was just a dream " - he thought .
His uncle 's birthday was hounding him because he did n't know what he should buy for him .
He had already asked all the family about this , nobody had n't idea what would be good enough .
Then he decided that he would just go to the fishing shop and ask a shop assistant for help .
He bought the best of all presents .
Off the top of his head , he asked his nephew to go fishing with him .
Jerry said that he would be honoured .
It turned out that that young boy had a good head for fishing and now they always go fishing together .
I do a lot of sports , and now I 'm going to tell all about them .
What I like about running is going to the mountains and enjoying the landscape .
I like football because it is a sport that I have played since I was small and I think that it is the most fun and exciting team sport .
I like climbing , but it is a sport that I have just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .
Nowadays , our local government is making some decisions to improve the situation .
These days , transportation has become so crowded . We have a lot of cars in the streets .
There are a lot of accidents because many people drive so fast .
We should put a lot of cameras in the street to know how these accidents are caused .
if everybody knew that there is a punishment for what they do and nobody can escape from what he did , I guess we would have fewer traffic accidents .
The bank notes are designed carefully . Workers need to design their background colour and artwork .
Then , the notes will be prepared on metal plates . After that , printing . The notes will be printed in colour on both sides with special ink and they will have slightly raised images .
The people are very kind and funny , and it is a very cheap city .
Since I was seven years old I have been on my city 's basketball team , and I have no doubt that playing basketball is one of the things that I enjoy the most in my life .
I ordered 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 , but I still do n't have my order in my hand .
If by 17 March my order has not come yet , I will cancel my order and I want a 100% refund of my money .
Thanks for everything and I want my money back if I do not get my cpu .
Nowadays , people are becoming more independent , and more than this problem , society now needs to show others this independence and control of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials .
On the other hand , public transport is the only resource some people have to get around , and more than excellent for the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spending money on petrol , since it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transport be forgotten , since as well as providing the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .
I think you should go to a large school in a town because there you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can not do in the countryside .
But you should go to the school that you want . That is just my advice , OK ?
I really want you to be happy with your new life .
It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worse , it depends on you to choose the best thing that can help you .
Studying in libraries requires a lot of quiet and patience .
If I were a student that usually studies in a library , I would definitely try studying on a computer .
People are thinking about a comfortable life instead of the environment and saving money .
Therefore , the animals will not survive in this climate .
Watching our national team 's games , I came to the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
Through listening to music , you can express your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
That makes them happy and additionally makes loud .
We played football every day in school and I was the best .
I was even better than the older children . Everyone told me to go to a team ,
but I did n't have to do anything . A team took on me when I was 11 years old .
I played my first match at 16 years old and I felt very special because I was 16 and I was capable of scoring 3 goals .
The good news is the people who can take advantage of technology can save a lot of time because they might have a sophisticated robot that can help at home .
For example , now high - heeled shoes are very trendy but they cost a lot and most women do n't look good in them .
They mostly depended on animals to pull carts and to ride on them .
The developed version of all those engines is used in running vehicles on land , water and air which make our lives faster .
So , it would be better to go for any other alternative of green technology for future use to make this world a better place .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day . In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training session with a Spanish selection coach . When I finished I went with my parents to a hotel to eat and spend time with some friends . After the food . we met up with friends of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode on a roller coaster , it was very exciting , and we ate a chocolate ice cream . It was delicious . In the evening , we went to a Spanish basketball league game , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid , and that match beat the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
When I find myself in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in the City of Westminster and I 'll visit your art gallery and tourist attractions of the British monarchy .
Continuing my visit to London , I will visit the largest park in London , Hyde Park , which has a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the preservation of the park .
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to get to Big Ben , which is the most beautiful building in all its splendour , where I will take pictures .
When I leave the underground at Wembley Park station , I will go to Wembley Stadium , where I will enjoy an evening of football . The match starts at 8:00pm .
My favorite band is " cbjr " ; it 's a Brazilian band . The type of music is rock and rap . Their music is very easy to single .
Education plays a crucial role in society and its future and by improving the standard of the education system , students can learn more effectively throughout their entire educational life and their career , but also their skills will be improved by this process .
Nowadays , unfortunately , students can not get enough education from their schools whereas in some poor countries .
On the other hand , by building a more effective learning system which will be provided by local authorities , students will be encouraged to learn more efficiently .
Besides , by employing these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards their studies and their jobs .
Hopefully , they will not only earn more money in their entire life , but also , society will have a more developed shape in any other developed countries .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned points , such as the quality of the education system not only interests with mixed education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that were mentioned .
Because of that , it is a pleasure to speak about them !
I will start by introducing my favorite family members .
She has been an important person to me since I was 8 .
Since that time , we have been very close until now .
When I became , first a teenager and later an adult , I got to know the majority of my friends , good friends .
We keep in regular contact , we go out to dinner or have a coffee frequently .
It 's been so long since we last talked ... and I have some great news !
Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm coming to the UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you for some time !
It 'll be the second time I 've visited the UK , and I do n't want to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future . Public transport causes many problems in our environment , such as difficulty getting to the nearest destination , pollution , and disease .
Many people get to their work late .
My favourite sport is volleyball . I have been playing it since 2006 . My favourite position is number 2 . I usually play it in the faculty of engineering ? . It makes me fit and tall .
when I joined the Egyptian armed forces , I played for the air defense forces team .
We won 1st place and got the cup . If anyone intends to play this game , he should practise hard to be able to play it professionally .
Further to the trade fair last week , where I had the pleasure of meeting you and we were talking about your courses ,
Could you put in me contact with any of your customers for more information ?
I am looking forward your to reply .
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father taught me what football was , and I loved it , but , I really liked the goalkeepers . Why have I liked football since my childhood ?
I think football gives you a lot of feelings and experiences .
I enjoy football because it is a way to forget problems and enjoy yourself a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking about other stuff , you only concentrate on the game .
And if you do n't like doing sport , you can watch the matches of the teams around the world .
Not only do children have one , grandparents have one too .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like call someone , text , take photos , listen to music , watch movies , play games , be woken up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unimaginable things we can do .
But now , children want to have one as soon as possible . They do n't play hide and seek and do sports like before .
And people are becoming isolated . Once I saw a mother using her mobile instead of taking care of her baby !
In the future , we will probably be able to do almost everything using a mobile , but we must pay attention to how this affects our lives .
Overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation was predominantly for housing , then followed by food / clothes .
There was a significant rise in the amount of budget allocated to both categories ( housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
These days , public transport shows no future .
There are two good reasons for not using public transport in the future .
Consequently , people prefer to travel in their own car .
On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that could change the current situation .
The first is , the government could create a new plan of construction for trains .
The second aspect is , people could help by paying more tax to buy new buses .
As a result , we could have more comfortable public transport .
In my opinion , public transport could have a future if we all collaborate to improve it .
There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of studying foreign languages at an early age outweigh the drawbacks .
Some people would suggest that learning new languages before secondary school discourages students ' usual learning and that their understanding of other subjects would suffer .
The reasons for this are as follows .
Learn how to walk before learning how to run . The opponents contend that children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
Confronting challenges . Primary students struggle with the difference between first language and the one they are learning .
Thus , people believe that children learning foreign languages at primary school are worse than children who learn one later .
Not only is there less study burden when compared with secondary school , but they are able to communicate with foreigners as well as extend their social network during this period and in later life .
Rather than being concerned about the challenges , children would deal with them . It is particularly advantageous for them to grasp foreign languages during elementary school .
It is a story of a boy who always found the way to tease his sister Sukh .
One day he had a fight with his sister . He even made her cry . Both of them stopped talking to each other and , after some days , the boy needed his sister Sukh 's laptop .
Sukh was so angry with him because he hurt her a lot . Sukh refused to give him her laptop and her brother started fighting with her again and he even slapped his sister .
Sukh started crying and she said she was not going to give him her laptop until he was sorry .
Her brother picked up her laptop and threw it and broke her laptop . Then the boy closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
What is more , they do not do the same things as their parents did .
The door of the room was closed .
He pushed the door and went in .
Then she started talking : " Welcome , pretty boy , I have been waiting for you . Please sit down " .
As you well know , Rose 's life is in your hands " she said , and kept talking : " ... You are the only one that can save her life , but before , that you must keep your promise " . " I know " , he replied with a sad tone .
Then she took the document and started reading in a loud voice : " With this agreement your soul is mine " .
Micheal did not know what to think .
He loved Rose with his entire soul , a soul that he was losing .
Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes , which we could not find ,
We made friends with this fairy . After an entire day walking with her , it felt like we had known each other a lifetime .
After the first week in France , we found that in Paris there were a lot of people .
The exams meant that I did n't do much sport .
Do you do sports this year ?
Today I will speak with my manager . I will drive less and I go to places for mysheft .
We will meet soon , man .
It was near to Hyde Park .
From the London Eye we could see all over London .
Then we went to Big Ben .
Then we got on a red bus and went to our hotel .
Reading opens new horizons , makes you imagine .
People who drop litter on the streets are one of the biggest problems .
So this helps ensure that the children can play in a much cleaner park .
Studying overseas means not only changing conditions , but also facing many sorts of unknown pressure .
Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to notice and adapt to .
It is hard to live overseas alone . Therefore , making friends from the same country means that they can help one another .
Getting along with international friends is a great way to expand your horizons .
I also like to play video games . I play with my friends . My favourite games are FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some others .
I do n't know which is the best place I have been to but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most . It is an island next to Gotland and I have been going there since I was 0 years .
We always go to the beach , which is very nice , and when it 's sunny and warm it is better than the Mediterranean .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of , but when I score a nice goal , I am proud because it feels good , especially when it 's an important goal that maybe will change the game .
It is often hard to get up in the morning . I always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .
That I danced for two years , but I stopped because I did n't have time .
I do n't have a favourite movie . I like many but the movies I like the most are comedies and action adventure .
It seems that there are not many places in the city center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or books about the history of Katowice .
Fortunately , visitors will find all of that in the Tourist Information Office and in shops on the outskirts .
The one which is really worth seeing is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to start it early and play it regularly not to lose fitness .
Also , joining a team would be a great idea .
Humans can easily damage the environment just by throwing their waste away without recycling or ruining the places where animals live .
Without forests , there ca n't be animals , and the human race will disappear .
Some people do n't even care and just do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell them to make furniture .
They even do not plant other trees .
I notice that , in supermarkets , they use so much plastic just to cover a small thing or use a lot of plastic bags without even thinking about how harmful this is to the environment .
I lived for a short time in a place where the word " recycle " was completely unknown , but they used to do it because they were n't so rich .
Where I live now , I have noticed that we have the opportunity to recycle waste because it is a posh area .
Afterward , we went to study at different schools , so , we were separated for ten years .
So , he is hard - working . He is a lawyer and always helps me with all my professional problems .
every evening , he takes the bike and rides along some paths for more than forty kilometers per day , so he is a very good cyclist and it 's quite hard to cycle with him .
She always works hard for our family .
They like to take pattern modeled on older people who are popular on the Internet .
They like to exchange opinions about new stars .
People who are in fan clubs are interested in touring with their idols .
At this age , people like being better than their friends and they like to distinguish themselves .
The waiter came and took the order .
l loved that day spent with my family .
l hope l can go at weekends with my family and friends .
I live in the center of Spain , in a small city .
When I was a child , my city was dirty because people threw their rubbish on the floor .
However , a few years ago , the government has paid more attention to the environment of our country . For example , they did a lot of advertising on television , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that rubbish is not good for our world .
Nowadays , we can see in all the streets a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people clean the city .
In the future , we must make an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or , if it is possible , a better world than before to our children .
Cars are much more convenient , but this does not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .
Many people like to travel by bike in order to decrease the pollution which is caused by car exhaust . From my point of view , I prefer travelling by car , which is more comfortable .
Public transportation is the main way to deliver people everywhere in a short time . In the past , they had to use camels to travel , which wasted a lot of time and caused tiredness .
we may be late getting to our office / work place .
Everybody thinks public transport is not comfortable for us , but environmentally , public transport is good for decreasing pollution and our energy sources are also decreasing .
It is one of the oldest and the biggest museums in eastern Poland .
This restaurant has a good atmosphere because there are always people laughing and talking about funny things .
In my opinion , public transport will become more and more important in the future . Travelling by car may be convenient , but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .
If there were only cars in a city , the city would n't have enough parking spaces and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get to their destinations .
On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses , which emit CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to serious air pollution .
So , what we need is to devote much more money and time to improving the public transport .
I started this sport when I was 11 years old . My dad let me go boxing and I started that sport .
I think is a better idea that people use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles .
Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to reduce congestion and air pollution by encouraging people to use private cars less and turn to using more public transportation and other forms for transportation .
It was a cold night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on telly , called " Dare to Win " . I was with my brother when we decided to call . The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answered in time , and there are different things for the winner .
A few minutes later , we were listening to ourselves on the programme . We were so nervous , but it was exciting for us . Our goal on the programme was to get a free ticket to the most popular electronic party in the world .
Despite our nerves , we did well and our dream came true . Yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
As the secretary of the English Language club , I am writing this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students and the college if we received funding from you .
I have recently finished my course in English in Cambridge , so I have fresh and improved English .
In order to help organise sports and evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .
However , from now on , we can buy what we really need . On the other hand , this shopping centre may help a lot of people get back to working again .
A few weeks ago I went into the Apple store , and I bought a new mobile phone . It is awesome because it has reliable tools which allow me to do my daily work .
It is true that when travelling to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , because of the ease of having your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time taking cabs .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
People 's way of life has become more and more stressful .
When somebody gets home , he wants only to relax in front of the television .
Besides this , TV companies have understood sports provide this relaxing moment , mainly for men .
In this view , I think that though there are lots of sports on television , there are not too many , because people have looke for it .
The album , with eleven tracks that reached number one , won gold and silver awards for the best - selling in various countries , such as the USA , Canada and the UK .
This American band is known for their lyrics that something different from other bands , something close to an emotional statement .
I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound , because it grabs you , almost like great poetry .
Furthermore , things and processes are evolving .
People 's lives are getting easier and more comfortable .
In industry , big machines are making new products for our benefit .
However , the advancement of technology , besides bringing advantages for everyone , will also cause disadvantages , such as unemployment , because machines will do the same work or work better than humans .
I am accustomed to working with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love and who I spend a lot of time taking care of .
For example , I learned about organization , how to control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
I hope you are interested in my application .
Nowadays , the cost of buying a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .
We can stop anywhere we want to stop .
We can visit every place with no time limitations .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why do you enjoy it ? " I would tell them that my favorite sport is soccer because it has let me know how important teamwork is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from a high place , to push me to run and kick the ball .
I have to say that feeling was really awesome .
It made me feel like happiness was running throughout my body .
I would suggest to people who want to start this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can compete with each other to get the highest score .
My teacher said that public transport has no future in our society , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . Nevertheless , I disagree with her opinion because if we use public transport we will pollute less .
Nowadays people use cars a lot .
In the past , it was n't like that . People did not have cars . They just relied on public transport .
There are a few people who use public transport , like students and people who have a low income . In my view , I can say the public transport might be going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
They look for new experiences .
In the world there have been recorded a lot of cases where UFOs have been seen .
universe is expanding and we still know little about it .
I am a person that likes going to do exercise . For this reason , I like doing some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport in the world is soccer .
I believe that playing soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that people might like , there always has to be some rules .
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo . It is in my blood , my soul . Taekwondo is not a violent sport as many people say , but what you have to know is what is in the brain and the heart of players .
I just got the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell anyone just starting this sport to use their abilities and skills for the right things .
One day , my older brother went to a park where we often go to play tennis . He saw a boy who was holding a red hat crying on the branch , not knowing what to do . He stood behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
A few minutes later , some boy who looked older than my old brother approached the poor little boy . The little boy stopped crying , he My brother felt afraid because they looked like rube , but but he still wanted to help the little boy .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes . The little boy cried out loudly . My brother was outraged . He ran at the rube boy and attacked him .
In the evening , the little boy 's mother came to take him home . He told his mother what had happened that day , and his mother smiled at my brother , and took the little boy home . My brother smiled and went home .
They told her that her brother had had a car accident . First of all , she was shocked ,
They told her that she had to bring $ 100,000 so they could do the surgery on her brother .
She came from a poor family and she lived with her children .
in a car accident . When she heard what had happened to her brother , she was so anxious . Then a miracle happened . She found a big suitcase on the train she decided to open the bag because no one was on the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " , which means the Ball Game . There is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrifice pretty young girls to their gods .
The past has already happened , we can not change it .
If you ask someone about the future , the answers will be different , but all will be around two main topics , they will be either optimistic the about future or pessimistic about the future .
Not because I am a pessimist but due to several factors and conditions . Allow me to explain my opinion .
Humans are looking for power and they apply the law of the jungle , the strongest beat the weakest .
There is a categorisation of countries ; there are developed countries , emerging ones and countries on the way to development .
What are the criteria of this ranking ? and ...
Hence , the above indicated details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in a negative direction .
In addition , a general view of human innovation shows that the majority of people 's creations have a bad effect . This effect exists even in people 's lives or in themselves .
And unfortunately , this bad impact exists in almost all areas of life .
Chemical drugs can help people to heal and recover from diseases , but they have another hidden effect .
Therefore , The aforementioned information above shows that our future could be worse than our present .
To summarize , people 's lives see fast change and development , but generally , this evolution affects people .
It specializes in barbecue , beers and wines .
Some people support this " gap year " theory , while others seem to disagree .
I disagree with you about the future of public transport .
Every day , the fuel that we use in our cars is more expensive than using public transport .
Nowadays , people use their cars to travel for work , for holidays ...... but if the petrol were cheaper , they could travel a lot .
It would be a good idea if taxes were cheaper than the taxes on other things such tobacco , alcohol ....
I want to say a few words .
Although they are not human , they also have feelings .
Once you raise it , it will regard you as its owner .
Keeping a cat is not a simple matter and it needs real love and good care .
So if you decide to keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .
Always pay attention to whether the cat has been sick .
Design is the first stage , which includes three parts : background , artwork and security issues .
After the preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , they take sheets of bank notes . There are three requirements for this : colour on both sides , special ink and images that are slightly raised .
The most important step is inspection : printed sheets are manually inspected .
Because I really love to work with people of all ages , and I would like to have this post and I 'm an energetic and hardworking person .
Therefore , looking after children aged 8 - 12 years is n't an easy task , but as a father or parent you must always give them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
Working in the kitchens means doing all about i.e cleaning and washing the floors .
My name is Anna . I am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality , so I enjoy planning activities or organising sport events in a special and colorful way .
I really love children and taking care of them . I also have experience of working in summer camps and had a good experience making delicious food because I already did these things in other camps .
I think that I have given good reasons and I hope that you will accept me .
Motorola was the first to do something to a mobile phone . It was on 3 April 1973 and the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper .
It started when I woke up around seven o'clock and I was n't tired at all .
They usually do n't want to be with me , but today we played all day long .
Technical support can be provided through emails , telephone calls , or video conferencing .
In my opinion , in future people wo n't use public transport .
These cars will use alternative energy , for example energy from the Sun .
Modern science is trying to find new , more economic sources of energy .
A friend is a person who will be there in your hard times and happy times , and a friend always encourages you in all the things you choose in your life .
A friend will also be there when you are sad and in worse times . There is no ex'friend so respect your friend and they will respect you more .
Secondly , the student who has a good body shape can easily make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain a good body shape .
For instance , students joining a sports team need to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .
According , for a boy or girl , having strong muscles can make them look more attractive .
Therefore , the student joining a sports team can maintain a good body shape and it will let students more easily make new friends .
It is said that when you survive a situation which has taken you to the limit , you change .
And you can never return to being the person you used to be .
You are no more the person that people knew .
Every hard situation can be got over easily when you make a big effort .
Peter had been thinking about this secret party for months , since the time he knew his mother was healed .
He had been taking care of her , so he was prevented from going to university .
However , destiny had given him another chance to follow them .
She felt blessed as she had been given such a perfect son .
Peter had been kissed by his mum before , but this time was quite different .
This may be due to people not being aware of the consequences of this bad habit - spreading the rubbish .
Along the same lines , inhabitants of my village do lots of work to make their area clean and hygienic .
For example , they collect plastic waste in a yellow dustbin , while liquid and solid , degradable waste goes in a red container .
Television is an object that helps people to know the news in real time .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause a dependence , cartoons and " stupid " programs can harm young people most .
Today , there are many children that have a dependence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various children 's TV programs , while once our parents preferred hanging out with their friends .
Television can be a useful instrument if it is used with caution . Therefore , I recommend using it less to prevent damage to the mind .
I reduce the use of unnecesary power at home . In other words , I turn on a light that I need while I use it ; I take cooler showers ; I heat only the necessary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all things reusable , for example , a plastic bottle as a plant pot ; a glass bottle as a food container . I take my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a plastic shopping bag if a salesman offers me one .
Today , we have more items to recycle as long as we clean them properly and put them in the proper bin , which will be used by specialized factories to make them into other items .
As long as I try to keep doing things in an eco - friendly way , I realize that I am giving a little from my side and I feel I am caring for my environment .
Although now that the holidays are coming , they need people to help and ride the amusement park or work the lights of the fair .
But if you want to decide , I 'll try to help you .
You can devote more time to doing both .
I hope this helps you and you will make the best decision .
Every time a car is used and more economic .
In my opinion , the car is more advantageous than the car and the car is more useful .
Secondly , it 's not comfortable , because you drive every day instead of relaxing and enjoying the environment .
In the future , cars will be so cheap that everyone will have one . Thus , it will mean the end of public transport .
Printing is the next step . Usually , sheets of bank notes are printed , because there are some special requirements for the printing ; colour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
The inspection always has three results : the good quality sheets , the bad sheets and the partially damaged sheets .
If the printed sheets are good quality , they will be packed and distributed . Some partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate or packed or dispatched . The bad sheets will be disposed on . The destruction will be secure .
I have been going swimming since 1998 , when I was ten years old .
At the moment I do n't practice because I do not have time , but a miss it !
I always feel very well after coming back from the gym .
My coach is very friendly and helps me .
It is also convenient for people who are rushing to work , meetings and so on .
However , I do not agree with this statement , because public transport is needed for people who do not have vehicles or during economic downturns .
People do not need to save large amounts of money to buy a car .
The fare for public transport is less than owning a vehicle when you compare bus fares to filling a whole tank with petrol .
Some more money is needed to pay a parking fee for parking .
Because everybody has to leave for another place in their own car and carbon dioxide is released from cars .
Lastly , public transport is always blamed by people for being slow and more trouble than using their own vehicle .
Although public transport is slow , it also does not take a long time for people to reach their destination , because public transport nowadays is faster and enough .
Nowadays , the space needed for countries enlarges , whereas the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
The large - scale building projects have taken the space which should belong to the animals .
Some kinds of animals will move to the urban areas , steal food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
Although most of them might be caught , only a small number of them might be adopted by friendly humans .
On the other hand , the expansion of a city increases pollution and all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and seeing blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .
Although the medical skills are getting better , the percentage of people who get cancer is still increasing .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay , pay more attention to environmental protection , such as planting more trees and grass in the cities , and bringing in a special law for those missed animals will we help decrease the harm that building projects do to us .
For me , my family members are not my best friends although I wish they were .
If they are your best fiends , they will guide you and help you to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their backs on you .
My name is Jenny Wang and I am the right person for the job .
I was born in 1989 and I have lived in Los Angeles since 2000 .
I come from a large family and I have two younger sisters aged 10 and 12 .
Regarding the work conditions , thank you for providing meals and accommodation and I am willing to cover the cost of the flight .
Finally , I am the right person for the job and I will do my best if I have the chance to work for summer camp 2014 .
Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to receiving positive news from you .
From the first time , I said to you that I had a problem with my health , but you answered : it does not matter .
I talked about everything .
If you feel like eating something , there are a lot of well - known restaurants , and they have different countries ' dishes .
My father 's name is Zaheer Arat . He is very loving and caring . He gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of . He provides all the facilities to us , for example , the internet and books , so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination . He always encourages us and says do n't be afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else . My brothers and I are proud of my father . He is very hard - working and brave . He has a smiley face . He always tries to make other people laugh with his jokes . He always listens to what we want . He never ever ignores us .
Listen , I will tell you about getting to my apartment .
But if you land early in the morning , the most convenient and fast transport is taxi , which does n't cost much to my house .
I 'd better stop now and get ready for your visit .
Thank you very much for writing me this letter .
You can only get to ' A Fervenza ' by walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by any other ways .
Stop it . I have been single for a while .
I say to people that want to try this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .
This sport can help your health and anyone can learn to play volleyball .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you could have health problems . For example , you could have problems with your hands , in your neck and in your legs .
I 'm an only child and I study Marketing in the morning and work in the evening in a mall .
Hello , my name is Sophie Nielsen . I was born in 2002 in Sweden and I still live here .
I have got one sister named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
The accomplishment I am the most proud of was when I scored four goals in a soccer game .
The best place I have visited is my house in Spain .
I would like to change the fact that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .
Three words that I can describe myself with are :
They were spending the weekend in the countryside . He had rented a cabin but he had n't checked the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived leaving them without communication by phone or by car .
She thought he was so boring , but she did n't want to be alone . she did n't know how to live on her own and Emily was utterly terrified of being alone .
The purpose of this report is to make people more aware of the importance of taking care of the environment in order to eradicate this problem which has serious consequences nowadays .
on the one hand , if we avoided causing pollution in ours cities , we could have a more healthy lifestyle than in the past .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish at green points of the city and they also have to keep the neighbourhood as as as is possible .
The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in mind that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will keep the world on our hands .
I think that I could do a fantastic job .
Combating the destruction of the environment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
There is no denying that the environment is changed by the behavior of people and animals .
For instance , people need too many places to build the modern society , so they cut down lots of trees , burning many grassland areas .
Another factor is that the animals do not control themselves and eat the plants leading to the destruction of the ecosystem .
Nowadays , the transportation has become more perfect , and the people 's lives have become more convenient .
Although this change makes the life of people efficient , the problem should not be ignored .
It would really be helpful if the government made tighter restrictions . In today 's world , there are lots of construction companies and factories are not admission , they are destroying the forest , farmland and wetland , discharging waste water and emitting greenhouse gas . It leads to a serious environmental problem .
So the government should oversee these companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , they should be fined and closed down .
Abortion is an immoral act that people perform as everyone has the chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide about anyone 's life .
Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral actions , as these fetuses are being deprived of their rights , since they already have a life .
People have to be made aware about abortion in order to decrease the number of women having abort .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women have died because of this .
Children have to be protected before and after life . That is why abortion has to be stopped .
4- Transport will be more economical than private cars .
The last sales of the last year were $ 850 .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teases me , and to be alert as well . Also , it helps me to always look slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well . People who want to start doing karate have to be patient .
I started to play football when I was four years old .
He came to Real Madrid 5 years ago and he is the best player in the team .
I 'm very pleased to accept your invite .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Sports are very beneficial for our health .
I like to play football because it 's a very exciting game . It takes only 90 minutes . Whenever I get the opportunity , I play football .
Driving a car while listening to music is much more fun for most people , so maybe that 's why most people love to drive rather than take public transport .
In contrast , some people hate getting caught in a traffic jam , so they prefer public transport . Some other reasons might be rising gas prices , car crashes or hating driving !
As a result , I think both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to use each one in the right situation .
First , there are many kinds of train .
Recently , although there are many LCC careers we can choose , it is still expensive to travel by plane .
Do you prefer watching films at home or going to the cinema ?
I prefer to watch films at the cinema because there are n't any distractions or noises and the quality of films is better .
There are several efforts that we can make in order to save the environment .
We should start , little by little , to help it .
Non - biodegradable plastics could actually pile up in the landfill and cause the land on our earth to be occupied .
Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystem in such a way that the seabirds or fish are feeding on plastic .
That 's the decent way to reduce the adverse environmental impact and we will be able to protect our Earth .
Since GM crop technology started to be implemented it has implied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
This technique makes weed control easier , resulting in cost savings and yield gains , leading to increased global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
He said kindly,"I bought you a present . Open it , Tom " .
Tom opened the big bag . Oh ! This is a big surprise . There was a football in it which he had always wanted to buy .
There were some words : goal ! keep going ! Keep looking ! said his mom . Look !
Tom loved it . " Thanks mom , thanks dad ! " Today is the best day of my life . Thank you ! "
" You deserve them , Tom ! You worked hard all the time this year "
My name is Anna . I am one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
I love Ton Duc Thang university so much .
I like the friendly students and helpful teachers .
I enjoy reading books , cooking , playing with my dog and singing .
Also , I love music . I often listen to pop music , R and B , and a little Rap .
The pace of life has been speeded up , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or at the bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .
Even kids start to learn to drive at fifteen and most parents gift cars on their sixteenth birthday .
We can see the future of transportation by comparing the numbers of cars and buses .
Cricket has been a part of me since when I was a kid .
The best part of this game is batting . Whether someone knows how or not , he first prefers to bat .
If you play cricket you are surely going to burn many bad calories in your body .
My friend went there . She talked to me about it so much .
I 'm writing to you to tell you that I am coming to your home next month . I hope that you are at home because I need your help . I want to buy a present for Mary and I do not know what her favourite colour is .
When I stay with you I would like to go to a Spanish restaurant .
You have been my best friend since 1984 , when I was born near to your house .
I like dancing and singing too . I 'm very happy singing on the beach , especially if you are with me .
As time goes by , technology is rapidly improving .
Using will not only get entertainment but also acquire knowledge .
We . We can learn how the different animals feed themselves .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in England , two months doing volunteering in a children 's charity and the last two months travelling in the UK . What do you think of my plan ? I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to getting along with children .
Most important of all , I will have an adventure in an unknown place in the UK . I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
I would like to invite you to join the road trip with me . it will be an amazing experience if we are together for this trip .
When I am running , all the pressure I felt is gone .
I am filled with hope .
I started running because I suffered from neck pain and my left leg was not comfortable when I sat all day .
Furthermore , I wanted to reduce my weight as well .
I bought shoes , clothes and a GPS watch . I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself . The first day was so painful . I was tired to die when I only ran nearly 3 km , but things became better and better , and now I can run 10 km .
If you want to start running , first , you need comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , to make a plan , like how long should I run today . Remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
Do n't set a goal that you ca n't achieve , or you will lose your confidence soon .
First I will ask a question of you . If this was your own house , which you bought for a lot of money would you break it for no reason ?
Just for money for more houses , but if we destroy it , we will all die . Our money will be gone , our house will be gone , we will have nothing .
The forest brings us fresh air , but if there are no trees , what will happen ?
So my idea is that all the countries and all the people stop using farmland , forests and wetland to build houses , grow more trees , protect our world , our home star !
The lecturer disagrees with the paragraph suggesting that the mentioned test developed by Alan Turing does not answer the main question : Can a computer think ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " , who proposed a challenge to prove that Turing 's test was not conclusive , and that he created a paradox .
He selected people to go into a Chinese room . There was a computer in the Chinese language with different symbols . The Americans showed different behavior . They did not understand what was on the computer screen .
This was different to the original test mentioned in the text , where all the participants were American and native speakers of that language . It was really easy to understand what was on the computer screen .
Second , the text support that the computers were evaluated by the same people that submitted the test .
I am happy to hear from you .
Your plan sounds great and I will be pleased to spend a few days with you and your family .
My grandmother is going to visit me in July , so I would prefer to see you in August .
I think it is more fun to stay together in your apartment . We could tell horror stories to each other at night , before sleeping .
I really like spending time on the beach , but there is a lot of time , so we could go to the swimming pool if your parents say yes .
Also , we could go to the bar to drink some juice or go to eat an ice - cream .
Science , I just remember I have always liked motor racing , but one of my favourites is Formula 1 .
Ricki is not the fastest driver on the track , but he drives very safely .
Ferrari make one of the fastest cars in the world , but this season they are not so fast on the Formula 1 track as they were in the past .
Michael is one of the most important economists in the world . He has written a lot of books about the economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
He decided to write a short essay about capital market abuse , so he considered travelling to Italy and picking up some financial data from the Italian central bank .
The key idea of this essay was the following : Italy in the time of Berlusconi almost went bankrupt , but Michael is trying to prevent the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .
He received a lot of criticism simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he used in his essay . Moreover , they thought that he received money from the Italian government .
Two years after his essay was released , he would understand that his essay was wrong . Moreover , Michael would want to apologise to many people who read his essay , so , Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , and goes to bed . Thus , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
One day , the son of Lucy and her husband went to carve holes in the dirt to make a game , he made five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewel that had belonged to generations of gods . So he started throwing that for fun . One time that he took the jewel , it consumed the mind of the little guy and that made the jewel emit some sounds that only giants could hear , so a mountain stood up that was the face of a giant and he perceived negative vibes , so he killed the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
It is very easy to spend hours being entertained by television .
However , it is more difficult to be educated .
How could I make this mistake ! !
These were my first feelings when I made the mistake .
In order to reduce energy consumption , we should arrange things so that , as much as possible , lectures take place in the daytime .
I will describe some good places to visit .
The palace is in the middle of the city , so you can feel the different mood between the 19th century and today .
England does n't have anything . You are the worst and most horrible country in the universe .
In conclusion , before I read the article I had never realized the importance of using drama in an English class .
For sure , I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives students the opportunity of not just learning something in the classroom . More than that , it is the opportunity to use their knowledge in educational and social life .
I have lived for two years in England and I speak English .
Recently , I worked babysitting for one year at a school .
I like doing activities with them and I feed them .
I choose the wheel because it is the most useful invention ever because , thanks to it , human work is made easier , for example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today . The wheel was invented at a relatively late point in human history ; the oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
I would like to visit Germany .
You might think , ' why is that ? '
Added to what I know , that makes it attractive .
To this , we have to add the food and drink ( who does n't think this ? ) .
Apart from strange cases , who does n't want to try the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurter sausages in the place where they were invented ?
But friends may go away in the future or hurt you ! So you ca n't always rely on them ! For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and , in the end , they go away .
The members follow you , and you can rely on them . You can tell whatever you want to them .
Mom and dad spend their life raising their children , feeding them , loving them !
In conclusion , members of your family play an important role in your life !
It was presented by a politician , an economist and two environmentalists .
These people , those who live in a city , do not take their own car or do not have one .
So , there will be problems because of these habits .
This makes me wonder whether there is a future for the old public transport system or whether we should create a new system .
One argument , is that more and more people live in cities .
There are going to be some problems .
One of these is traffic jams .
Everybody owns a car and nobody rents a car .
So there will be more traffic jams if we do not change our habits .
Have you drunk under the legal drinking age in this past month ?
If yes , then you are one of 8.7 billion who have also drunk under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because they could get into trouble with the law , they could cause harm to themselves and others and could have a higher risk of alcohol dependency later in their lives .
This is an interesting question because I believe that my family are my best friends , but at the same time , they are not my friends .
My family are my best friends because they really take care of me when I need them to .
They look after me and help me when I am in trouble .
But my family are not my best friends , because you choose your friends , but you do not choose your family .
The two maps show the changes which took place in the town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .
Generally , it can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it had been before .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squash , which gives a you flexible and healthy body . At the same time , this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age .
Squash can also be played individually , as two players together , or in a team of 4 players . squash is one of the very nice attractive sports .
Although public transport is cheap and more environmentally friendly , it is not as flexible or comfortable as the car .
Except for in the big cities , public transport is not an easy way to get around the city . That means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
In the first step , the bank notes have to be designed considering some , like background color , artwork and security issues . After the design has been prepared , skilled machinists prepare metal plates in the second step .
Then , sheets of bank notes are printed 50 bank notes per sheet , which have colour images on both sides in special ink .
After printing well , these sheets are closely manually inspected .
It is the most important step during the whole processing .
And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which are cut into individual bank notes and separated into equal ones and packed and despatched to where they are needed .
Other ones , which are bad sheets and bad bank notes , which are damaged apparently , are destroyed securely .
This is the whole working process of the bank notes and it consists of 7 steps .
Sport is one of the best ways to be healthy and do some exercise .
My favourite sport is tennis .
I have been playing tennis since 2 years ago with two of my best friends .
I am not very good at all , but I like to play it with my friends and play matches on Saturdays .
For new tennis players , I recommend knowing how to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball and how to place your feet .
In today 's class , we were discussing whether or not we agree with the often enormous salaries of football players .
For him , as one of the top sheld paid players of the European league , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
What influences do these salaries have on the clubs is quite simple .
By this action a Ronaldo or Messie can be paid and it is possible to buy the best team for the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the moment .
The anger will boil over someday .
But if the prices are too high , no one will visit the games anymore .
For example , the restaurant business and the technology industry are totally different in Taiwan .
In this decade , the Taiwanese have started to enjoy our lives . So many people like to drink coffee or have afternoon tea .
That is why many businessmen want to win this competition , so they have created so many special offers , like if you go to places , you can buy one get one free .
Although they produce high quality products , they receive little money and do high - pressure work .
Three to four years ago , htc made so much money in Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
The company likes to produce new products and uses high salaries to hire great talent .
So , htc has become more energetic and bold in making innovation .
In Taiwan , many young people want to join htc .
Finally , Taiwan is still suffering an economic slump , but we have so many businesses that like to innovate and market their products , and customers like to buy them .
I think Taiwan will recover in the near future .
One evening , it was a blisteringly hot day but I still had to attend one of my friends ' wedding ceremony .
I was dressed in a nice suit to go to this party .
I wanted to see how beautiful the woman was .
As soon as the bride appeared in front of us , most people fell silent abruptly .
I have a good - looking face , keep fit .
I prefer having a nice gorgeous girl living with me to living alone .
However , I was too dizzy to walk straight so that I took a taxi .
The driver took me to a place he knew .
Also , I 'm used to working long hours . As a matter of fact , in the holidays I have worked in many restaurants .
One day , Michael wanted to go out , so he called his best friend and suggested going out together . His friend agreed , so Michael put on his clothes , went out and closed the door , but at that moment he knew he had made a mistake .
He had left the key inside his house !
He went to his father 's office and got another copy of the house key .
When he got back home , it was late and the meeting was canceled .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have travelled all over the world and during this experience , I have seen the necessity of work to finance my journey , so then I have dedicated myself to working on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience of this .
I always do exercise . In the morning I like to run on the beach , in the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
Public transport stops more times than a car , whereas a car goes direct to its destination .
I believe that people in the future will begin to travel in shared cars more often and they will use less public transport , like the train , the bus , the underground , etc .
The problem that I see with this , is that in the future there will be more pollution , because there will be a lot of cars .
I love Grey 's Anatomy . This is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this show is beloved because of the soap opera drama parts .
The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face situations which are not easy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in a hospital .
I used to think I did n't like soap operas , because they were boring , out of date and not worth watching , but this was just prejudice .
Who wants their child to see that ?
Of course , you can put a child lock on the TV , but if you look hard enough for some you will find some .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of socio - economic levels , which makes people have different and divided attitudes toward education .
This depends on the beliefs and the culture of the people .
I am going with my older sister , daddy and mommy .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both the economy and cultural diversity , the need is increasing for resource which are used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
What is worse , the space taken up by the house is where some animals lived before , so they lost their homes , which become the houses of people . Nevertheless , the earth does not only belong to the human race .
Secondly , building more houses is not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of a house is too expensive for the ordinary person .
Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts by imposing certain laws .
In a word , the government should appeal to people in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only focus on personal profit .
Cars emit large amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the cause of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid , Beijing and New York and this has to change .
Using public transport is " healthier " than using a car for the environment because twenty - three humans can travel on a bus and it is only one vehicle , but it would be twenty cars .
Also , people think that travelling in cars is faster than on public transport and I agree with that , because the bus or the underground is always stopping at the different stations , so in this way , the car is better .
I will use public transport , not always , but more than the car , although you travel slower , because I want to save our planet so that the coming generations can live in good conditions .
Sometimes it is difficult to get so many people to practise a team sport .
For example , never start a match without a warm up , because you can suffer serious muscular injury .
Another very common risk is falling on the court , which can cause dangerous scratches .
Buy a good racket , put on a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise with and start to enjoy yourself .
I worked in a secondary school for about 2 years , where I gained experience which would be suitable for the current position .
As I worked in a restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , I gained knowledge of basic cooking methods , and hope it might be helpful now .
I believe that this job is suitable for me .
I am interested in working a in new work environment , kindly reply .
Thank you !
I needed money which I could spend during my study semester .
I did not know what was going on .
My clients were very impolite .
But my good men told me one important sentence .
This job would be boring if every day was nice .
I encountered small problems during the concert , but we fixed them very easily thanks to the team with whom I worked .
Pleasure of working at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people of different ages , from the young to the elderly , who have forgotten all their worries and are enjoying the same concert as if not and be separate .
When they were together , they knew that this story was about to end .
People were surprised to know his relationship had been broken for so long .
They were always so friendly , and so kind ... that it was strange to imagine that ending . But that was the sad reality .
They presented arguments to get the custody and the lawyer listened to them very carefully to decide they could not have the cat .
It was the worst mistake that he had made in all his life ....
She always told Michael to never disrespect when people are at the door and always be polite .
Mia could n't accept it when someone behaved badly .
But , one day , Mia thought that she could conduct a test .
Then she put on her disguise as an old woman and made her way home .
Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael opened the door and Mia asked if he had a cup of water to give him and he said no way would he give a cup of water to an old person .
This is the worst mistake I have made in all my life !
In later times , society felt the need for change because of iniquities that were committed in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building was abandoned because the government and country did n't have money for construction , to the point that the building 's metal structure was used for weapons .
After the revolution , construction will be used to represent the success of the revolution .
Almost every family has a car now .
Only in the big city , people use public transport to not be in traffic .
My mother and my father had a fight with each other . They wanted to not be together .
They even asked me who I wanted to go with . They grabbed my hands , wanted me to go with them , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
I wanted us to be able to live together forever . They took care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .
I thought these things .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't make a choice . My father and my mother saw me crying and decided not to keep going , and they said sorry to each other and me .
I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money on something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you could put aside the money to buy something really important to you .
If I were you , I would wait to spend the money .
So I decided to learn to swim for the summer vacation .
Nowadays , I usually go back to the swimming pool at the weekends .
Sometimes I get rid of my stress .
I think swimming is the best sport in my life because you can use your your whole body .
So you can lose weight and gain muscles .
Some of my friends did n't want to shown their body to anyone , because a lot of students do n't do exercise .
We do n't have enough time today ,
but I always say to my friends " If you want to have a fit body , you should register at a swimming pool .
We wondered if some work needs to be done to increase the student attendance on the math courses .
Subsequently , the next step is the most important . The bank notes should be inspected . The bank notes are separated into good and bad . If they get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution . At this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . If they get bad sheets , the next stage is disposal . The bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
The diagrams show how to make bank notes . There are four steps to making bank notes .
And then , the sheets are printed . Operators have to pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
Third , this is the most important step : printed sheets are manually inspected , and these sheets are classified into three categories .
The next is called partially damaged sheets , and bank notes are separated into good and bad . Good sheets will be cut into separate bank notes and packed ; the bad ones will be destroyed by fire .
This is the method of making bank notes , and the operator should pay attention to the printed sheets and how to inspect them .
Before the production , they have to think about the design , including background color , artwork and codes which make them different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .
The most important step is the inspection by hand . That is to say , they should be separated into good ones , which are to be cut into bank notes and delivered to the banks , and the bad ones , which ca n't be utilised and are burnt securely in the last stage .
Raise your nose from your phone , and look at all these nice things that life is giving us .
I think public transport is n't lost .
If I go travelling I think a car is very useful , but driving a long distance is very tiring .
Consequently , you ca n't enjoy travelling .
For example , maybe you have a personal situation that is very important to you , but you do not want your family to know about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .
Actually , I realize that business is not for the major , everybody knows Tec is very demanding and if you want to be there , you must work hard .
I dream of being a Business Administrator when I 'm older . First , I want to work for a sports company like UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Finally , I hope to have my own business .
Family members are the people who will accompany us throughout our whole lives .
Compared to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us best .
Families understand our minds so much . However , our classmates or colleagues ca n't achieve that because they do n't stay with us all the time .
Only family members can know us best because they live with us from when we come into this world .
In addition , they always supply us with a lot of food so that we wo n't be hungry .
Besides , eating with our families is one of the happiest things in our lives .
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
My advice is to be patient , be smart . This sport is not easy and it needs a lot of practice , a lot of time to be one of the greatest players of the game .
While I was dancing , she pushed my by accident , she did n't notice it , so I thought she was an arrogant person at first .
But , when our mutual friend introduced her to me , I realized that she was a nice , funny person .
She is also a good listener . She always knows what to say in a bad moment and she is always there when a friend is in trouble .
And I like seeing what they look like .
They study at school , they have problems with each other , they fall in love , have parties .
I think that a lot of people can learn how to live , what to think , eat , wear from this soap opera .
She has done a lot for me in my life .
First of all , although travelling by car has become more convenient , the growing population means personal vehicles are hard to manage .
The traffic jams become more and more serious .
Cities such as Beijing , a metropolis in China , face the salient bad traffic . As such , the government had to encourage citizens to go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
So , public transport plays an important role in our daily life . It has indispensable effects on society .
The report is based on the opinions and ranking of people and critics that have visited these places .
Moreover , it is more appropriate to start constructing roads which are convenient for the majority .
First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you feel excited and entertained . Besides that , football has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the best and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle . He seemed to be 28 years old .
The man , who was armed , tried to steal a backpack .
But he not be fixed that the man had a camera on his head and his action was filmed .
He was furious because the American did n't understand what he said .
The man ran to where his friends were and sought a police officer .
The tourists returned to their country very scared .
How should I start ? Should I start by speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?
Let 's take me as an example . I am a 25-year - old girl who graduated from the faculty of engineering and wants to travel to Germany to complete my studies , but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
College is the only place where I feel I am special . That is why I always like to be there .
Today , because of the progress of industry , we have caused so many environmental problems that did n't arise before .
The problems were n't very significant so we overlooked them , but now they have become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
Why do we make mistakes ?
As a nature of human , we will make mistakes .
If you are wrong , I will correct you and if I am wrong , please correct me .
Anyway , we will make mistakes if we do the new challenges and new tasks .
The aim of this report , is to show how my town takes care of the environment .
How the town treats the environment :
As well as the informative sessions about the environment organized by the Mayor for all of the residents , it also has lots of staff that clean the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons . First of all , we had the same education as we grew up together , so we know each other .
If I suffer from any problem , the first step I take is I try to go back to my lovely sister because , deep inside , I know she is the only family member that can help me .
Secondly , if I need money , I will go back to my brother or sister . I ask them to lend me some money .
First , the trend of environmentally friendliness has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution created by cars , and more governments have built public transport systems , including subways , buses etc .
The other reason is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts . Most famous resorts lack parking lots , travelers may spend hours trying to park .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantages of travelling by car have been replaced gradually by public transport . The future of public transport is bright .
If I play football with my best friends , I am a goalkeeper .
In Somalia , people usually throw the rubbish and garbage everywhere , and there is no a cycle which is intended to keep it .
The city council are dealing with how they can keep the city clean , and each and every morning there are employees whose job is to collect rubbish and keep the environment clean .
Many of the main roads of Mogadishu are getting more attractive by the day and the people have begun to make their city clean .
Studies say the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat faster than the other sports .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding a swimming pool . I think that is just an excuse to be lazy . The Internet will help you to find one . Let 's go swimming .
Nowadays , there are many choices for spending our free time , such as going shopping , travelling , listening to music , reading , etc ..
I have been playing football in my free time until now .
My first reason : football makes us stay in shape and avoid some diseases .
I have relationships with people who play football with me .
A final reason : football makes us enjoy our life and improves the quality of life so far after working hours .
My favourite sport is football . I love it so much . When I was young , I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that , and after that , we played on a football pitch like in real football . I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is the best player in the world . A few people have told me that Messi is the best player , but I feel angry when I hear that , because that is not true . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day . It 's like a dream for me .
I enjoy it when I spend time in the water and now that I am pregnant I am afraid when I swim with a group of people . I keep telling them and screaming do not come close to me ! ! !
We , the management of The Arch London Hotel , received your email and wish to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desire to work in via return email along with a scanned copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us to make all the necessary corrections .
Indeed , all the indicators show that human behavior will not change , at least in the coming decades .
These companies must take care of the environment or they will have to pay a big fine to the council .
Being always in contact with our friends has become our way of living .
Moreover , also , simple things have changed . For example , the food we eat . Some time ago , everything was natural , healthy ... but now everyone always eats " junk food " and things like that , which are completely unhealthy !
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion , people wo n't have a " real life " . Everyone will always be more involved in virtual life , so that they will forget how to talk to each other and how to express their own feelings !
I started playing soccer when I was four .
Some fears are instinctive and it 's positive because it protects us from real danger , it 's a good response .
Alison put on her coat , closed the door and went to her parents ' house by car .
She went to her parents ' house because they sent her an email that said that her father was okay after the operation .
When Alison knocked on her parents ' door she noticed that there were many people in her parents ' house , a man opened the front door .
tube and train , but is there a future for them or not ? I am going to answer this question by discussing disadvantages and advantages and , finally , I will give my personal opinion .
Secondly , getting around in a city on public transport can be horrible . There are too many stops , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrive home .
Firstly , if someone wants to move in the city using a car , that can be very expensive due to traffic jams .
Secondly , public transport is more ecological and less polluting for the environment , because it produces less polluting emissions , and many public vehicles use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than ever before . Cities contain more automobiles and the pollution is worse .We need to change our way of thinking , and try to use public transport as an alternative to improve the environment of our cities .
On the first day , we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos . The day after , we visited Siracusa . On the third day , Agrigento and The Valley of the Temples , and on the last day we visited Marsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed all the cities we visited but the best , in my opinion , was Siracusa . In particular , I liked Ortigia , which is the oldest part of the city .
I think that the worst thing about the trip was that on the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we had to change rooms .
It takes more time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle . There is a scarcity of buses and the timings too are not fixed .
These days , private transport is more convenient than public transportation . Although public transport like buses , trains , ferries and intercity rail take less time and energy , sometimes it creates problems .
On public transport , people are obliged to share transport with strangers and we also have to follow company policy or regulations , but with our own transport , we do n't have to bother about these things . We travel when we want and when we have time .
People drive cars to go to work .
The city has a lot of traffic .
They prefer to go to work by car rather than by bus .
Public transport is much cheaper than cars and reduces traffic in the city .
It 's true driving a car is so much more convenient , because people do n't need to wait for a bus .
They can drive at any time , they can come and go at any time .
This is interesting because people practise solidarity .
I think we should have a lot of buses in the city .
Many cars pollute the planet and people are allergic to the pollution .
The train does n't cause pollution .
This can help heauthy the people and the city will be cleaner .
My favourite sport is walking . I really like this sport for several reasons :
2- It 's very cheap . I do not need to buy anything to do it .
4- It makes me relax because I stop doing my activity from work and studying .
When you travel by bus , you pay more .
You stand in a queue to buy a ticket .
Secondly , you might feel uncomfortable .
On some means of transport it is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stand .
Sometimes you lean against a window .
Finally , if you drive a car , you do n't have to worry about a timetable . You can go at any time .
You do n't have to worry that you wo n't arrive on time .
Unfortunately , it is very sad to say that people in my town do not care about the environment .
I suppose their lifestyle is intolerable , resteless and I really sympathise with them . The majority of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
There is one thing that confuses me , and that is the old extension number .
I am always answering wrong calls , and these calls distract me .
I receive a lot of calls looking for the previous employee and I have to spend my time explaining what happened to him .
I 'm writing you a letter because I have made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what the film is about and what the experience was like .
The idea of making a film came up on a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
At first we thought that the idea was just a joke , but Jake , one of my friends , said that he had brought a video camera .
When Jake said that , we started to roar with laughter , but then , another friend suggested the idea of making a home movie .
The experience with the film was amazing , because we laughed all night and we enjoyed that very cool idea .
In itself , the film did n't have an special topic , but I can describe it as a friends film , as there is a lot of laughs , jokes , and it shows that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
In my country , buses are an essential mode of public transport .
So I have had a lot of problems :
2 . Bus drivers do n't care about the people around them .
That means they are careless people , who always drive too fast .
But public transport has advantages : If we use it is an essential mode of transport for travelling .
Maybe traffic accidents will be decreased .
The service is very bad . The drivers are very angry and stressed out so they do not drive with caution . In Toluca there are reports of high numbers of accidents involving buses .
I suggest changing the old buses for new buses and putting security cameras on the buses .
Also , that the cameras transmit immediately the images of robbers to other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions for driving badly .
Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things , we are always working to earn more money , we do n't meet our neighbours , for example .
There is no future for public transport because the car has made life so easy .
It 's economically and practically more expensive .
In olden times luxuries were not considered as compared to health , but now everyone prefers to save time and maintain privacy , which one can only afford by using her / his own private transport , so gradually , public transport is losing its charm .
I think it 's very important as it reduces the problems of both pollution and crowding . We use fewer vehicles as it is big and carries a lot of people .
Cars are faster than public transport , so cars are more convenient than public transport . They are easier , faster and more comfortable , especially for long distances . So , governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars .
Nowadays , travelling has made it easier for humans to move all over the world .
Many people have got used to using their own vehicle as their means of transport , where they can reach their destination on time .
Firstly , we have different modes of transport , among these is road transport .
As the automotive industry is huge , most householders prefer to buy a car rather than use any other motor vehicle . They can move easily from departure point to destination in no time .
Secondly , if private transportation is increasing faster , traffic is also going to create a major problem , which causes global warming .
And the income that is gained through this transport service will automatically decrease , which will create a problem for the economy of the country .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there is such delicious food , is that you always want to eat some typical food from your country and in the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat it to excess .
It is true a car is more comfortable , but it uses a lot of mineral resources like petrol which can pollute the atmosphere .
I do n't think public transport does not have a future . There are a lot of people who can not buy a car and they have to use community transport .
Places like Mumbai are full of people and there is no place to park vehicles .
Day by day , the number of people is increasing in Mumbai .
There are more crowds and all the people want to travel by public transport , so it is difficult to travel . The best way to travel is in their
This will save them time .
The Internet is a useful tool for everyone , so we are communicating with distant friends , and we look for important information when we are studying or entertaining ourselves .
The second advantage is that the Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Facebook ... You can speak with your quick friend , or you can meet with them on the website . Therefore , you do not call them on the telephone , because the internet is very cheap .
Another disadvantage is that people do not meet with friends , since they speak on Internet websites , so every time there is unless relationship , the people are not sociable .
This movie is about what is happening in real life right now , on the other side of the world .
In other words , they had to get used to a different kind of world .
We had a good time .
I want to be an accountant .
I 'm so sorry , but I ca n't come to class next week because I have to work .
Here is a description of my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there were scratches on the back .
I am interested in your advertisement you posted in an English language magazine .
Recently I have had a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me to have an IELTS score of 6.5 for the visa .
I am good at speaking and listening but not confident at writing , especially essay writing . I 've never studied writing in my life , so I want to focus on this writing part more than others .
When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travels but I think we do not feel relaxed there and if we talk about travelling by car .
I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to use it and , more than anything else , it is convenient .
In particular , some people do n't have a car and some elderly people find it difficult to drive a car by themselves , so public transport helps them a lot .
Already , public transport has been improved and that makes it comfortable to go on a trip , but I think it will be able to be better and better quality , because so many people expectation .
I like the car as well , but when I have to drive a car , I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am travelling , so public transport is making connections between human beings .
That is why I think public transport is really important for the public and there are a lot of important things that will be possible in the future .
The question which arises now is should the employer hire women for some posts and exclude them from others , and the same for men ?
There are two answers to this question . The first one is from those who say that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is that everyone is born equal in terms of duties and rights .
Is it convenient to take a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?
I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and it is difficult once you get used to earning money , you want to study again .
Furthermore , you do n't study during this period and when you want to start university , you wo n't be able to remember some important things
People use public transport to save money .
People use public transport . Also , people need to move for all the city .
A lot of people choose public transport for travelling because it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed and sometimes faster than driving a car .
In recent years , governments have encouraged people to take public transport because of the fuel crisis .
Some governments invest a lot of money in constructing public transport networks to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
Besides , traffic jams are another problem .
My mother is my best friend in my family . She always listens to me . Sometimes I call her by her real name !
She always tells me some jokes , but sometimes I laugh !
, i love her so much . I do n't know what my world would be like without her and I do n't want to know .
Well , there are a lot of sports that people do every day , but I have one which is my favourite .
This sport has a lot of types of match which you can play .
And you enjoy yourself with your mates and experience all those special moments with them .
I can give you some advice to start doing this sport .
This is a sport that improves your friendships and it 's so good for your health .
And maybe you will become a famous player or an ordinary player , but you will feel like a famous one .
Tired of having their houses destroyed , the landlords decided to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be bothered by floods anymore .
After the war , the gold was left in the house .
Besides , it 's also an environmental problem ; exhaust fumes engulf the earth . The more the car is used , the more exhaust gases are released . We are killing our mother earth .
It 's the way to prove you are wealthy . When you get a car to your home , or go to school or work by car , people will change their minds about you .
Public transport is becoming a must - have means for many people who have a low income .
My favourite sport is swimming . It makes me feel comfortable and leaves me in a good mood . I go swimming twice a week , and my advice to anyone wanting to start swimming is to enjoy every moment of it .
I think the sheep should be transferred to a place where there is specialisation in animals with the same condition .
We become not only older , but also wiser . We learn , but the most useful thing to learn is to get a lot of experiences and , for sure , to make mistakes . But we have to be honest with ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
I am in Kyoto eating Yatsuhashi .
I played badminton with my family last night .
As you know , my grandmother currently lives in France with my cousin John . Unfortunately , he has to do a three - month course outside of the country . John needs to leave France next weekend , but it is not possible . I have to go and look after her because none of my family can spend three months over there .
I am so sorry to delay your visit , which was planned months ago , but as I told you , it is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
Nowadays , technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful .
We as humans living in these days , rely on technology . Every aspect of our lives is supported by technology .
One example is television . In the past , we used it only for watching the news and movies , but as time goes by and the technology develops , now television has other functions .
First , television has many programs which can be used for education .
Many programs consist of lessons for kids to learn . For kids who still want to learn to speak and know the words , it is very useful , because many programs are very suitable for them to help them learn faster by watching television .
Second , these days , television has become modern and that means television can be connected with the internet .
So we can watch a program that we wanted , so we can choose what is good and not .
In conclusion , television can entertain and also educate , because television programs do it in an interesting way .
My favourite sport is football . I enjoy playing football with my friends . We play at night . It is very exciting to play when it 's raining .
When anyone fails to pass the ball or misses a goal we shout in his face " are you crazy ? How did you miss that goal ? "
But we are too interested .
The future of public transport should be taken seriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best option for solving the problems with traffic congestion because , when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people are travelling from one place to other in just one vehicle .
For many years , public transport has allowed people to travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
When we use a car , in general , one person is the only person who is accustomed to using their own car , so this is not exploiting the potential of the car .
It 's for this reason that I think public transport is a great benefit to society , and a good way for us to move from one place to another . I suggest that the government should invest more money for the purpose of improving public transport .
The food his team of chefs prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a work of art . Not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the head chef . Not only is the food , but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
The waiters are happy to help in any way they can and work hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
That will make our life more and more crowded .
Keep in mind what you should do before buying your own TV .
Consider a good price and good quality by checking and visiting stores . You should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV , you can save money by only watching a few minutes in stores , take your seat , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies on your own TV considering price and quality . Some TV brings you the experience of enjoying your favourite movies in other scenery . Will you try ?
Whether people who reach 18 should do military service is an issue . The supporters suggest that it is helpful for 18-year - olds to train their physical fitness and psychological qualities , whilst opponents point out that it is harmful to human rights and affects the development of a country .
Considering both views , it can be concluded that the government should respect human rights and set up a new department which can be used by people who want to apply to do military service .
In my opinion , our lives will undergo a dramatic change in the next 50 years .
I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many diseases and that will change our lives , because we could live for longer .
I want thank you for the invitation but I ca n't come to the party because it is my sister 's s burradas .
I am currently a doing Master 's but I can devote myself to the Fellowship , especially since I have finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow up from time to time with my supervisor . So I have the time for the Fellowship .
When I read his poem " The Adventures of Tom Sawyer " I was excited .
The last thriller I watched was " True Detective " by HBO .
I was impressed because I ' d never seen such films before .
That slow - motion action is so impressive that I have watched it all day .
I hope to see you soon .
This report aims to give a clear idea about preserving the environment in my town .
Second , new rules were legislated condemning any person intending to harm the environment in any way .
so it will come as no surprise that my favourite sport is football .
Thirdly , an from aesthetic point of view , it was called the beautiful game by Pele .
We will learn today some information about Islam . Islam is a great religion that comes from the Arabian Peninsula and it was founded 1436 years ago .
Mohammed was a kindly prophet born in a small city called Mekka and he travelled to another city close to Mekka called Almadina because the people of Mekka were very aggressive and they did not accept the new invitation to the new religion .
I think the principal things in our talk are the internet , computers , technology and communications .
Shopping will also be on the internet ; everything will be !
On the other hand , I like swimming a lot and I used to play tennis in a local team three years ago .
He lived near our town and I used to spend my holidays with him , and , of course , I used to help him with his cows and rabbits , so I could do this work again for your company .
Then the sheets of bank notes are printed . Printing colour on both sides and use special ink and the images are slightly raised .
When printing is finished , they have to be inspected .
It is the most important step .
Printed sheets are manually inspected .
Finally , they find good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheets or bad sheets .
They will package and distribute the sheets which are good .
At this point , they first cut the sheets into separate bank notes . Second , they pack the sheets and dispatch them .
At the same time , bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
Why not ? Firstly , what 's education for you ? It 's very clear to me that education is creating the conditions to make your thinking grow .
If the way to do that is easy and nice , I think in the end it is better than explaining theoretical concepts .
The other reason for my opinion is that almost all people prefer using the eyes and ears to other people , rather than write and listen to understand new things .
Definitely , it does not always depend on the kind of programme , but I think that nowadays , a lot of television offers help for people to develop more effectively .
Hunting is the most enjoyable thing I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to be out in the forest .
I started to hunt when I was seven years old .
The animals I like to hunt most are birds , rabbits , moose and roe deer .
Their names are Pluto , Krocken and Zelda .
When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have great fun because we stay in a cabin and he 's a really funny man too . I laugh every evening and have great fun .
My stepdad shot a very big moose when I was there with him and I got the trophy of the moose .
I am communicating with you with the purpose of letting you know that we are going to set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discussing how we could use social media to improve the communication with our suppliers . I think a great time for the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
The purpose of this letter is to notify you about some complaints that some citizens have . This is related to why only boys have to be in the draft for military service , and girls do not have to .
How are you ? I am fine .
I would n't mind eating there every day !
First of all , we should think of a design and decide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
And then , for the preparation of metal plates , skilled machinists are used .
Next , printing . Sheets of bank notes are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) with colour on both sides , and specWell , the . Well , the most important step is inspection , printed sheets should be manually inspected .
Have you ever spent the holidays combining fun and knowledge ?
This house can be characterized as containing large numbers of students who have memorized the holy book of Quran .
Finally , if you want to rest and have good companionship , go to this house .
The pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is from the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they could build a great building like that about 7,000 years ago and it is still strong now . People from all over the world come to Egypt to see it s great civilization . Around 2 million people come to the pyramids yearly . You can be one of them .
My English language is weak . I would like to improve it to complete my postgraduate studies .
Keep your excitement and attend the event .
There are a number of reasons why you should attend the funfair .
It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or help meet somebody 's needs by buying things .
It would be kind of you to attend the event and buy something .
If these reasons why you should take part in the event haven't whetted your appetite , you might try searching for some information about the event last year .
It is hoped that the successful funfair or other student s ' experiences will encourage you to participate in the funfair .
It is believed that the fun fair will be held successfully this year too .
My favourite sport is fitness . I love going to the gym , because there we meet new people , make friends and we can relax .
When I am there I can relax and I try to not think about my problems and my work .
I feel very proud about that .
I think everyone should do one sport . We can feel better after that and that is very good for our health .
The teacher uses lesson time effectively .
Studies and monitors students ' progress , helps them to deal with their problems .
So I started to walk away from there , but the guy started to follow me .
So I had to walk quickly until I could enter an old and abandoned house behind the park .
I started to walk through the house until I heard a noise .
Then a ghost appeared in front of me and the guy appeared behind me .
Every day , sweepers clean the Caceres streets and people teach their children that rubbish must n't be thrown away in the street .
Antoni Gaudi was the Catalan architect who designed it in 1798 and in 1882 its construction got started .
When I was ten years old , I really liked to play football very much . I joined a football team which is near to my home . I prefer this team because my family is not rich , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a stadium .
The team name comes from the local area , which is AKSARAY . I like to play and watch football as well .
After doing sport , you will feel your body becoming strong and your brain will be without stress .
Therefore , everyone must do sport according to their ability .
Finally , I like to play football for my health .
In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind which are sweet , incredible , magical or horrible .
However , one of my dreams stays in my heart so that I ca n't ever forget it .
One night , as usual , I was sleeping .
It was just a very long tunnel that was dark and strange . After , I felt my body ache .
I began to yell and hoped someone could help me to leave there .
Finally , I saw a light appear and I woke up .
It makes me feel that it was a strange dream .
Nevertheless , travel by car is easier for commuters , for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without the terrible discomfort of buses . In addition , there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , especially if the government invested their money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn , would revolutionise our lives .
Well , the way that we use television depends on each one of us .
We will have people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but we also have other people that use television for research .
For example , the channel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of information about animals and how they live .
Maybe studies we do in another way ; in research on computers , in books , etc ...
The television is being more and more utilized by people , so we are getting more problems with vision .
The capitalist world makes us increasingly become us updated .
Nowadays , everybody has the ability to buy a television , so the numbers of TV viewers is going up ; even if you are poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
Going shopping is one of those things that you can love or , like me , you can hate .
In my case , I 'm always wrong with the sizes and returning the products , takes me a long time and a great effort , so it is n't worth it .
It is much better to take a walk along the high street and do something for pleasure during this time .
Socializing online helps us to contact our friends in an easy way in different places and this way does n't cost us money .
For the last few years , public transport has been forgotten .
If everybody used public transport , the world would be much better , and people will be less stressed , because they will be not worried about parking spaces or being in the traffic .
Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for people to be more healthy too .
Even though people try to develop drones to reduce logistical costs , it is difficult to apply technology to carrying humans .
We love to travel here and there , but this is the place I have wanted to go a since long time ago .
I hope it will be fun there , and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me feel that I must go while I can . I ca n't wait till the day comes .
The advice that I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not to be afraid of the water , otherwise they ca n't learn to swim , and also , when they get older , it will be more difficult to learn than when they are young .
So , this is the advice that I would give them .
So annoying when I ca n't continue learning English .
The home was on the shore . There was a tunnel and it 's hole was in the deep . At first he used to be polite and obey the other orders .
Once a day , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Although Michael was bigger , Sarah could control him . Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore , but Michael was afraid . He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepted the challenge . Sarah told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid . He waited for Sara to get out . He went to the shore to see if she came from the other side , but he found no footprints . His mother called him and he went home still thinking about Sarah . It was night and he was afraid to go there again . He went to sleep . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
They are sincerely managing waste and avoiding carbon - generated products .
Many organizations work to raise the environmental awareness of pupils , so people are more concerned about environmental pollution .
Now , the government is working to decrease smoke emissions from the mills and industry .
Some progress has been made already ; it s implementation also runs at full speed .
Last but not least , the strict rules and regulations have a more effective impact on making a good town .
Our authorities are more careful about the rules and regulations ; hence no - one can disobey the rules .
The job announcement on your webpage immediately grabbed my attention , as it has always been my dream to work for the German - Norwegian Youth Forum and the requirements are just the skills that I can provide you with .
Since 2013 , I have been studying English and Marketing Communication at University College Syddanmark .
It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable , and the following are my reasons .
My favourite sport is cricket . I have loved cricket very much since from my school days .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes the absence of parking spaces makes me change the statement .
Good question about item , how can answer , if you want to win £ 100 .
Firstly , I will describe how I can help my local environment and what I do that is useful for it .
I have been a very strict and keen ecologist for 10 years .
I am interested in natural ways we can help in the local area .
I tend to ride my bicycle from home to work , I have n't used my car or buses for a long time , because it is not healthy and costs a lot .
A bicycle is for me the best way we can be fit and in a good condition and also create less pollution without cars .
So , my bills for water are inexpensive , because I have swapped having a bath to taking a shower .
Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home , I switch off the heating .
I switch on the home heating for a temporary period . When I am working from home , I use more energy to warm my home .
The next point is the fact that recycling glass and paper is very important .
But there are some problems , like these - how will a lot of people drive who do n't like to drive or ca n't drive because they have some problems with their health .
Some years ago when the weather was colder here people ate more meat with wine . In fact , growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
In fact , today people are interested in drinking wine when attending parties or meeting with friends .
Actually , modern life has caused our palate to change . Instance some people who work the majority of their waking hours prefer to eat fast food more .
Our commitments cause us to forget ourselves and our health .
It may cause increasing weight or reducing the number of necessary vitamins which our body needs .
In conclusion , if we make a decision to live longer , following a suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
The members of my family are nowhere near my best friends .
And this may have affected my way of thinking and acting in different situations .
So no , the members of my biological family are n't my best friends .
In my town , there are many regulations that are enforced by the municipality and the environment ministry , such as preventing animals like sheep , horses , cows .. etc , from being in the town and in the populated areas .
Besides , due to the critical situation we are experiencing and facing in Iraq .
People , especially generator owners , have started using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid of as much as they can of the pollution .
Other residential areas , using their potential to maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , have numerous green spaces .
Also , recycling the trushes is a very intelligent way to keep the town clean and get multiple uses out of the products in industry lines .
on the other hand , the eldest people in our city have many social responsibilities and are encouraging the youngest people to participate in the annual gardening festival for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Hope that this information is useful
They took Marcuangolo to a room and put the boy in a bed .
The doctor asked for his phone number and he phoned his parents .
Before I started university , I had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely , but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and sociable .
In my class , I have a group of close friends , and they treat me very well .
The first day I studied at the university , I made a lot of friends .
At the weekend , I like going for a walk and getting some fresh air with my friend .
We laugh and eat together .
I live in Deria which is located in Dubai .
That is to say , that most cars are not green , namely ; current cars are not designed to have a good impact on the environment .
Regarding the reason for the described situation , it is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies , which are aimed at getting as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
The idea of banning cars from the centre of all major cities has advantages and disadvantages .
The good things about not allowing cars in city centres are that the traffic will be reduced , trips will be faster and the pollution will be reduced .
On the other hand , the bad things are that you have to park outside of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you ca n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and it is a country to improve with your job , also , also , it is easy to find a job . There are many jobs and many different types of jobs .
This country has many interesting places to visit . If you want to have an adventure , you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
If you want to have fun , you can go to Parque de la Costa . There are many interesting rollercoasters .
My favorite foods are pizza , tacos and kebab .
Public transport is not convenient for most the people because every person wants to arrive at his destination on time , but when using public transport it is very difficult to arrive on time .
It all began in 1981 when Freddy Fazbear 's Pizza opened . The establishment is a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant had robots . In 1981 there were four animatronics and their names were Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Foxy the pirate performs a show on her own in her pirate cove . The children love Foxy because he plays with the kids , answering questions about the pirates and telling a pirate story .
When Freddy began to sing , the kids screamed and they sang with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song . Bonny played the drums and Chica served the pizza to the children , This year the establishment closed because they found the body of a dead child .
The establishment sought a security guard who had to guard the pizza restaurant at night . I am the security man .
When I saw the advertisement for the job , in that time , I thought that it would be very easy . I called the number , they give me the information , and I accepted .
The rules are simple : just look at the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait until 6:00am and close the doors if you need to . I said OK .
My first night was easy because I only watched the screen and passed from camera to camera and nothing strange happened . I could only hear footsteps and noises .
My second and third nights were very strange because on the cameras the animatronics moved as if they wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
The fourth and fifth nights were the worst because the animatronics were very active , they closed and opened the doors because they were trying to get into my room .
But I managed to survive the night .
My hair is brown and my eyes are dark . I will arrive at the Central Station at eleven o'clock and I will wear a read coat and a yellow scarf .
This holiday I am in Barcelona with my girlfriend .
This may be the greatest leap since Armstrong landed on the Moon .
Travelling by car is becoming a comfortable factor nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we want , we can start at our desired time .
This will gradually kill public transport .
One more reason is that banks provide loans at a lower interest rate , which makes people buy one to improve their comfort level .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves . Everyone wants to improve his life to make it better but how can we do that without doing anything ? We must start with education and health , which are the most important things to be better .
Everyone needs to focus not only on his education but also on others .
No progress will happen without a plan . Each person has a dream he wants to achieve , but first of all he needs to put a plan in place and also a cognitive one .
If they had to pay , then they would do it .
We should properly plan for our city to properly look after it .
Actually , there are many huge problems in our city just as there is no proper drainage system for it , nor any specific canal system through which we can properly clean our city .
I would like to invite you to apply for an exciting job opportunity to spend your weekends working in my cafe .
Your position will be manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will be responsible for managing all levels and use your experience in order to improve our cafe .
Also , you will manage approx . 16 people and you will have a free hand to deal with them as you like .
We are looking for a salary range between $ 42 to $ 90 per hour , and only 2 days per week .
Istanbul is located in Turkey .
It is the capital city of turkey and it has a large area . There are a lot of people living in Istanbul .
Istanbul buildings are so simple and have a different design than other cities .
What erer Whether it changes or not , I will always like it more than any place in the world .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada . In that school there were good values , like sharing or helping other people .
Moreover , my parents , who are teachers , taught me how I should educate , for several years .
I ask myself If I had the possibility to change the world , would I try to do all that in your hands .
My favorite sports/ hobbies are windsurfing and sailing .
Three words that describe me really well are :
A thing that I would like people to know is that it 's not a good idea to wake me when I 'm sleeping .
If you have a car , you probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who do n't have a car , so they are used to going by bus and , for them , this way of travelling has become more convenient , because they have done it since they were children .
Therefore , whatever opinion you have is the result of the social situation in which you live .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
Everyone uses public transport every day .
It is difficult to imagine how we could live without it .
But in spite of this , a lot of people have a dream about owning a car .
Most people say that using a car is more convenient than using public transport .
How are you ? You know , it has been a long time since we have seen each other . Why do n't we go to the cinema ?
She has twenty - seven maid of honor dresses . Meanwhile , she falls in love with a boy who is very handsome , but he works for a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city . He is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
Almost every family has more than one car .
For example , introducing several special dates in a year for using only public transport .
Unfortunately , many tourists do n't care about keeping personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the beach ) clean .
In my opinion , firstly , new buildings on the banks must be forbidden at all .
While putting a lot of stress on physical abilities , it goes without saying that the day can be tiring if one decides to play the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging as to how you will keep up your mental status .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negative way . Most people around the world can see any news live . Media is more helpful for people . Television is also used as a study resource , for example for smart classes ,
One day , Michael was going to school for his final examination .
Suddenly , an old carrying a heavy load hit him and fell down .
I have worked as a teacher for ten years .
I really love taking care of myself , and so , last year I decided to go walking every day in the evening .
I suggest everybody should have the same evening walk . You just need a pair of comfortable shoes !
The main reason for people not liking to travel by public transport is overcrowding .
As you know , I worked in a youth camp last year , so if you want to take this job I would like to say some things that will help you .
This kind of job is very useful if you want to improve your English skills .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough to pay for the cost of living in London and in addition the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , did n't arrive until November !
Anyway , I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have heard that in that month the organization is better than in July .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately that he had planned two weeks ago .
Then peter started , " happy birthday my lovely sister " , peter said , and gave her a car key .
Sara was so amazed and hugged her brother and thanked him .
After that , the celebrations began and a lot of their friends came , each one presented a gift to Sara . She was really delighted and , suddenly , the doorbell been rang
Sara stood and stared at her for a few minuets and hugged her and bowed her for coming and thanked her . They had n't seen each other for several years since they had finished their studies . Really it was a great moment and they stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening , and agreed to visit their college at the weekend to recall the best memories . It was Peter who arranged this celebration and contacted Tia and prepared for all this to happen . Sara never forgot that day .
However , it seems that each day a new way of extracting fuels is being explored .
When we talk about convenience , comfort and safety , then private transport is more likely to be considered .
Public transport can cause problems for passengers due to increasing fares .
There was an old granny who had been beaten up .
We tried to give her help but she was so heavy and we could not do that . Then we tried to find help ,
On Luckily , I had a mobile phone , but Michael said that we needed to run away because we did not know whether those bullies were around the corner .
My plan was to phone my dad and an ambulance and I did that .
After we came to the ambulance , police , the police came and one patrol caught those men who did that to that granny and the other patrol talked to us .
I found out that the granny 's name was Rose and she had had an operation after the incident .
He knew that if we had run away at that moment when the granny was on the ground , she would most probably die .
I grew up in Al Qassim region and I had the best time of my life in Al Qassim .
I studied at Al Qassim University and my major was Microbiology .
I like a lot of activities , such as travelling , reading , playing soccer and watching movies .
This sport causes fresh and jolly me and I think exercise will cause me to be healthy . If you start volleyball , you need a ball and a piece of ground that is separated by a net .
Shopping takes place the biggest part especially for women , but sometimes it is not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack money , then you will not be able to take pleasure in it .
Human life has changed a lot in recent years , and it seems that this will happen faster every day . Technology advances and the changes in our way of thinking are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
Technology advances way too fast and it is really difficult to guess what kind of stuff or artefacts there will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , like flying cars , smartphones the size of a small piece of paper , really thin laptops like a quarter of an inch , clothes that clean themselves or change color and shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reigns in that time will focus on companies and making money and spending it . This is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to home offices and the firms are giving more and more facilities for their employees to be more efficient .
Finally , the kind of life that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of life , but this will be only to make more money and consume more and more . Also , things will be faster of waste to make people change their possessions more often and stimulate consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon of farmland , forest and wetland disappearing because of some long - term human activities , for instance housing and transport networks are built , destroying the balance of the environment .
Firstly , it is clear that more houses and transport networks are convenient for our people . What is known to us is that the population growth is a big problem which creates a need for more space for living in .
And building more transport networks is also a benefit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can shorten the time spent on traveling , while the animals may not welcome it .
A good user experience will be good for collecting data and be good for making decisions in commerce .
She just wanted to hide from this world .
Lora grew up and became a very pretty adult .
She moved to Kyiv , graduated from university , and started to work .
Although she tried to hide , she became a great and famous model .
She had even got a boyfriend , Michael .
I have been following series of football events in the world at large .
I took this time to command people who sacrifice their entire lives for the betterment of sportsmanship .
What really makes me love Barcelona is that they play football , instead of running around .
They always buy talented players that will make the club improve tactically . People always say this ; " Barcelona does n't buy players " , it 's not like they lack money .
The advice I would give to someone who is starting this sport , is ,
I reach home at 13:00 , then I have my lunch and relax for an hour .
We all know that doing sport is very important to keep our lives healthy and happy .
The Walking can also fitness and make the knees stronger .
Because when we do a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy . That is happening with me .
But we have concrete examples , which we should follow and which already demonstrate that nothing is impossible
It is an important thing to love or like a lot what we do , because that is the key .
I love to go jogging in the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .
This crime happened about six years ago .
Three month after her disappearance , she was found dead in the stream .
Every year , thousands of cars are sold and the demand is growing .
Probably the only opportunity to change this will be to mention to people the opportunity to save energy and reduce the environmental pollution if we use public transportation .
It not only entertains , but also educates .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there are some important tournaments in which all important European teams participate . They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participates in this sport without excluding anybody .
Any normal rainy day when you are a teenager in school never ever ends , but one day was a better day than any other normal rainy day because I learnt how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let others use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
All my class called me creep ugly geek , but still little good only when a teacher wanted fresearch from them or the exams
were in the next couple of days , but Michael tried to stop me doing that because they never became my friends and I was better at doing those things .
That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
A new mode of transport must be found .
We should find new alternatives for getting around in our routines .
We have no idea of how much damage factories cause to the rivers and seas .
The government should introduce a new law to correct this damage .
I am very happy because the time went very fast .
You could come here when you have time because my house is your house .
However , the best option is that you come here and then I will introduce to you my friends and their fathers , because they can help you with finding a job .
On the other hand , I do n't recommend travelling , because it is very expensive .
If you come here , you will see a lot of the country and you could travel around the world .
I will look forward to your news about your decision , but I am very excited , because if you are with me , I will have the best summer of my life and I will be very happy because we will have parties with a lot of friends .
You must remember that money is very important to your decision .
I was really comfortable in my bed and I could n't believe that someone had interrupted my calm .
But , whatever . I went .
To the door and opened it . It turned out that it was my brother .
After we said hi and I went inside with him , he told me that our mom was going on a trip for a week and we had to take care of our little sister .
However , I decided to say yes and prepared myself to take care of her .
My brother left and he promised to return later with my sister .
I closed the door hoping never to have to open it again , then I went to the bathroom and took a relaxing shower .
He took time to explain each movement and made me understand the concept .
If I could give advice to new practitioners of Pilates , it would be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a good teacher .
Because school teachers never encouraged me to participate .
If they had told me to attend compulsorily I would have done so without any hesitation .
While I am in ANDRAPRADESH every year , we have a Christmas function in December . Although we are not interested in attending Drama , they would not let us not play even a simple character .
They gave me the part of THE GOD . At first I was n't aware of how to act and play this particular character .
And from October to December we practised every day after our study hour until eleven " O"CLOCK . DAY BY DAY I learnt and finally I played my role well .
Then I asked myself why I wasted all my school days .
Personally , I believe that those who do not participate in any activities should be encouraged to do so by teachers .Only then will they also know how talented they are .
After some ages we can not attend any of this type of activity because we are all old . So let go and enjoy your youth and be happier .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car . In poor countries , most people take public transport , because people do n't have a car and it is cheaper to take public transport . The pollution caused by public transport is huge and is growing . Third world countries should have eco - friendly transport .
I did n't use to believe that people would do anything for advantage , even betray family and friends .
The real world was not like that .
However , these things have changed , All the things I owned , built , remaining are broken .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I can see the greed in their eyes , as if they ca n't wait to see me dead . They ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
I have always tried to convince them that I am not as bad as some people say .
My mother knew how I felt and she wanted to help me .
For me it was like having a new member of the family and he lived with me .
These include many kinds of sports , such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running , etc .
It is not just fighting . These sports give people endurance , speed and power .
These 2 sports improve basic human ability to reach the highest capability possible .
I suggest to other people to first understand yourself , such as what you like , what is possible , and then practice after every success .
I first played badminton when I was 7 years old .
The negatives of playing badminton : your right arm is stronger than your left arm , and sometimes , you can sprain your arm .
According to this form , we know learning knowledge takes a lot of time in one day .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high school students , their sleeping time averages eight hours or even more .
As for me , my daily schedule does n't have much variety , just study , sleep and others .
Others includes rest and exercise , but they do n't take up lots of time .
The only common option is rest time , I also spend three to four hours resting .
First , I want to say that people 's lives will change in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .
I think this because the new technologies are created by people to improve our habits .
On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle . We will change our clothes , thinking and other things . We will be more dependent and we will need more things for our day to day life .
Although I have had terrible jet lag since I came back to my country , it 's great to see my family and my friends .
I never said goodbye to everyone because I will come back to England .
Michael is a teenage boy who lives with his parents .
He was worried because his sister always woke up very late , about midday .
Someone rang the doorbell and he opened but there was nobody at the door , so he closed the door again .
He heard a bit of noise at the top of the stairs but he did n't go to investigate that noise .
Someone was ringing the doorbell while someone else was robbing their house ...
It was by that that her sister was scared and woken up ...
I had played a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football , I felt that was my sport , that was freedom .
And just as I was becoming a professional football player , my right knee was injured .
Then I had to be operated on twice .
Because of injuries , I am now thinking about leaving football to dedicate myself to my other passion ; the guitar .
This book was written by Jane Yolen .
go owling and he ' d been wanting to go owling for a long time and he finally got to go .
( have to have words to go owling but you have to have hope to see an owl .
I am 24 years old and I live in Rena .
I like going to the cinema , going out with my friends ,
In September I am going to Madrid to study a master 's in
I like living with my boyfriend .
They are very happy with me , because my marks are good .
This is one of my favourite actors , because , when he is recording a film , he assumes his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .
This topic is controversial these days . Should everyone take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university ?
A good percentage of people think that everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college .
This helps them to get rid of study stress , and to give time to their social life .
As returning to studying may be difficult .
It is better to finish studying first , then go to work or have relaxation with travel .
In my opinion , it greatly depends on an individual 's financial situation .
Transport is very important in our lives , because we travel from place to place .
The technology and industry are developing very fast , so public transport has no future .
Thank you very much , Joe , for thinking of me to be your witness . I feel very proud that you thought of me to be your witness and , of course , I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
Joe we live far away because I work for the Red Cross , but I am still the same person as I was at school and I like the same things .
Anyway , I have never been a witness . What do I have to do ?
Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excited about your wedding .
I enjoy my favorite sport because I like running , playing and going to the forest .
This sport is healthy and good for the body . You should start this sport because you will feel good .
For this sport , it is necessary to drink water , and eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
The town , Lahori , is known for its practices to preserve nature . In our town , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken it upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper disposal of waste . The village has dug pits to dispose of waste .
Remember that a car is to make your life easier to get around and be safe and as a way also to have security because you go in your car and you are less likely to get mugged or something .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
There are mobile phones which have face - to - face communication , and transportation driven by solar energy .
In addition , the transportation system which is developing day - by - day performs in the most convenient and the fastest way it can .
Even though the personal car is used more and more because of its convenience , in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will cause public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
The number of people in the world is continually increasing .
This makes the cities crowded .
Imagine if everyone had private cars . Would we walk on the top of the car to meet our neighbour next door ?
Therefore , public transportation is deemed important to reducing congestion on the road ; the traffic .
In the first paragraph , I wrote that transportation development will never lose place for public transport .
Secondly , public transport proves itself to be more functional and helps support people .
For example , comfortable seats , system support for the handicapped or physical disability , time capture that helps people to know the fixed time when the bus will come , as well as security support that helps people to be more confident to travel .
Lastly , public transportation makes you sure to arrive on time .
You do not worry about traffic jams , or trying to find the car park .
Taking into account all this , public transport is much more useful and convenient , both for individuals and for businesses .
Although the personal car is popular , public transport is still valuable to the country .
In my opinion , the weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break , but allows us to enrich ourselves .
Similarly , summer vacation gives us more time to do meaningful things .
Only by constantly following my daily routine can I learn more information and become stronger .
In important meetings like the UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of powerful countries raise environmental problems as the most concerning problem in their internal policies .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to go to university , taking part in reducing the carbon dioxide emissions from my car .
Riding a bicycle is also a kind of eco - friendly mode of transportation .
Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that contribute to or are made from materials that cause the greenhouse effect .
I do n't know how to study English and for this reason it is very difficult for me .
I believe that I could be a good helper for two reasons .
I was working in ABC restaurant until last year .
The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer . I think that playing it is a good way to enjoy yourself .
I went to Italy on holiday 3 years ago .
One of my passions in this world is helping people , any kind of people ; old , disabled , poor people and kids .
I think I am a suitable person to care for children , because I like working with kids . It is not the first time I have worked with children .
Peter had studied and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally , his mother would see him after four years apart .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of the environment to increase environmental awareness among people , to encourage them to take care of their city , and teach them how they can recycle some rubbish to make useful objects to use at home .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiatives which target cleaning up our village , and planting a lot of trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . In addition , to attract tourists to visit us . As a consequence , increasing the number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes various diseases .
In conclusion , we look forward to our village being free from pollution and keeping our health and enjoying fresh air where our children will grow up .
To achieve his goal , he trained a lot with one of his colleagues and he gave no importance to the judgements that people had about him and his ambitious desire for victory .
Although he was always wondering if it was a blessing or a lesson I be competing .
Either way , he had an enemy who was trying to extinguish his love of running and get him out of the competition .
The enemy thinks that the passion to run of Dan will decrease , but she does n't take into account , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his way .
At the end , he continues running . Thanks to this , he achieved his goals .
First , we use the Internet to discover the world 's news ; on the Internet we can check and read the world 's most famous newspapers , such as the New York Times , the Sun and also electronic newspapers .
The Internet can also be used to study and to educate yourself ; the internet allows us to read books , magazines and short stories .
The Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job . Many people use the Internet to work , and they earn money every month .
Feel the drama and realism of the best known event in Easter , played for nine years by the inhabitants , " The Passion of Christ " .
I have liked swimming since I was young , and when I grew up , I told my mum that I wanted to compete in competitions .
Also , I remember my first competitions . I did n't win . I came 4th , but I was n't sad because I thought that the next time I would do my best and probably I would win .
I went swimming 4 hours a week and it was amazing , because I improved a lot and , right now , I 'm one of the best .
Last year I won the national competition in my country and that makes me feel so good , because it 's all I want .
If you want to take up swimming , I would recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time as you are doing exercise .
These days , almost 80% of people have assured feel concerned about their bodies and their diet . Because of this , they promised me that they will try to improve their daily diet and they will do sport more frequently .
Like most people , we started to do sport because we were stressed and needed to get out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
One day , I went running and since that moment I have not stopped .
It is necessary to buy well - made sneakers , to make sure you do n't suffer a pain in your feet and the rest of your body .
Here I come to express my thoughts about what has been happening during these past weeks in the reception of the building .
I am happy to say that I have only positive points to present due to how welcome I feel when I arrive at the reception .
In conclusion , I 'd like to offer my help if anything is necessary .
For example , due to the wide spread of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we have all heard something relating to it , but do n't really know about any details .
Therefore , I am trying to find out more information about " The Epic of Gilgamesh " in order to understand it completely .
If the government pays attention to improving the streets , decreases the use of cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by using police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people wo n't worry about going out .
Last summer , I worked with children aged 10 years old for a month and I organised some activities on the beach , such as football games and gym classes .
I like cooking very much and I think that there are some activities that we could do in the kitchen , like baking cookies or making fresh bread .
For another think I can speak English very well , because I studied English at university although I am Portuguese .
In the future , this tendency will continue and there will be more and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .
Taking the place of general networks like you find on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing and aimed at individuals , businesses and society .
Using cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits is a very good option for many of us . However , the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation . Therefore , this is where public transportation should be focussed since long trips taking longer than a simple commute in the city would require it .
Firstly , everyone can buy a lot of types of things in my city . For example , in the centre of the city , we can buy souvenirs , because this town has got old monuments , theatres and churches .
Normally , this food is made when people did in the past , although the best street market is in the west of the city .
However , you can read a book while you eat and drink some things on the sofa of street .
Finally , people can visit the biggest shopping center in Spain . The location of this shopping center is on national street 445 in the west of the city .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos of TV stars , because they shop in this shopping center and you feel like a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
The movie I have decided to review for you is a thriller called The Destiny .
It all begins when a daughter comes to visit her mother and her step - father .
Even the scenery is not based on a real story . It will make you think about accidents happening around you .
Sometimes I felt that the background songs did n't match with what was happening , but after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it .
In toward to the modernization of life and technology , people believe in different perspectives of their way of life , but the majority of ones are totally utopian .
Actually , we have a lot of problems with traffic : lots of carriages on the railway and they are n't running ; the number of cars in the street causes pollution ; crowded railways cause a late arrival .
In the biggest cities around the world , the traffic is nonstop and increasing every day .
For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to using green fuels and public transport .
If public transport were of higher quality , faster and with lower fares , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport ; moreover , the time spent to go and come back would be reduced , because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
On the last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other . She gave me a present and asked me to keep it for her .
When we attend a school we often waste time on buses which we could devote to studying .
On the other hand , learning on the internet in the long term we could feel bored or lonely . School gives opportunities for learning in groups when students can help each other and solve problems .
It does not always work correctly .
He just does his job , plays guitar and sings as the second voice .
On September 2014 , a note was released and published on AC / DC 's web page . The note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
Dementia is an illness that affects the brain ; people 's memories are lost . Malcolm does n't remember who the people around him are .
The video showed us dementia sufferers ' reaction to listening to AC / DC 's music .
Live you only have one life , today . Perhaps tomorrow you will lose everything .
My advice to anyone starting basketball is to never give up and always keep playing till the last minute .
Who cares about us ?
Who tries to make us happy ?
Our family are people who will love us , and who do n't look at situations and who we are .
He picked up the phone and dialled the number of his girlfriend , Lisa .
They had a car accident , and fortunately he was n't injured , but his friend Sam was unconscious .
He went with him to the hospital and in the end it was a success story .
Even if you do n't know how to swim , you will love it .
The last mistake that I made has to have been when I changed telephone companies , because , since I changed , I have had a lot of problems .
I have had to make a claim because the company did n't resolve my problems .
After a month , I did n't know when I would receive my telephone .
The company had to send me another telephone . That telephone turned out to be faulty too .
My favourite sport is handball . I have played it every day since class 4 .
You must n't play alone , but you must play with a team .
On starting , I was really bored and I wanted to stop playing .
But when I understood how much happiness this game gives me , I started more running and training .
These words made me start more
If you 'd like to try playing handball , you must know that the first time is always the worst .
This is my advice for anyone who would like to play any game .
Before starting to talk about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the thing I love most in my life . I respect them , appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 years . I can tell her anything about my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , she would be the first to know .
Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I love most of them , especially the cousins of the same age . They are my friends . I love them so much , and also the rest of my family .
If you have further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you would let me know as soon as possible .
Look for a sport to make you feel good and your brain will always be refreshed , so that you can begin your day with any sport to make fresh and after that you can do any job with a refreshed mind .
The benefits of any sport make your health good , so we should do it . Just do exercise every morning to make your blood flow in your whole body .
He is an athletic runner who has set a new global record . Nobody believes in him , not the media nor his own father .
When he was just about crossing the finishing line , he got hurt and his muscles were dying and started to peel off a black matter . At that point , the guys in suits thought that he would n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running . They froze the time and ran after him . He stopped for a moment , but then he started running again and when he crossed the line he woke up in a red somber fluid . He was wiped from the matrix . He opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was in a wooden wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again . Despite that , he stood up and tried to walk again .
My favourite sport is basketball .
basketball needs a person to be tall enough to play it . I like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , gives me self - confidence and makes me active . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a lot of exercises and try to be able to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but he should n't give up .
There was an island that each year in a particular month suffered a hurricane . This island is located on the equator . People go to this island these days but they ca n't go when there is a hurricane , because they could die in the hurricane .
The island was flooded but the island had a levee that prevented flooding . Then after many years , an engineer started constructing a building to have more money than in the city . He put many advertisements on all things : balls , balloons , movies , etc .
The engineers needed help to construct the building . They called a professional to see what was wrong .
Then the professional said that the island has expose with the ocean .
Then the engineers called another sector to ensure the doubt about Atlantis . Then the professional said that the other professional was correct .
Then the engineers made a forecast .
Then they drank a coffee that give them a lot of energy to construct the building faster . This coffee has an ingredient so that people can live all night .
Then tourists went to this building to find jobs to earn money .
Then the hurricane came and all the people were scared because they did n't know what they were going to do .
But the engineer ignored this situation . Then a helicopter came to save the residents .
This helicopter had humid .Then the helicopter started to rotate in the whole island . Then the helicopter sank in the water . Then the hurricane ended and the engineers started to distribute food and medicine .
Then the engineers discovered that the eye of the hurricane was widespread all over the island and that the island was a hemisphere . Then in the city , qualify to the people that work in this building .
When I started to study here in Australia , I found the difference in curriculum compared to my home country .
As an international learner , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic style are important for my future course .
The story is about five friends that begin investigating drug trafficking happening inside a school .
However , one friend disappears , then the four friends decide to discover where he is .
I heard you are going to come to my country .
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to achieve because of the limited information about scholarships .
Actually , I do n't give up and always look for opportunities .
Therefore , I do not try to suppress my ambition .
Although the number of cars is increasing day by day , most people travel via public transport . Their limited income restricts their ability to buy cars .
My advice for travelling in Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economical is public transport , the most expensive transport is a taxi , for example .
But you could be lucky , because the summer is very near and the work increases .
I had been waiting for that day for a long time . It was my wedding day .
I had met my boyfriend 5 years ago , so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .
My boyfriend became my husband .
These days , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he loves me very much .
I am looking forward to hearing from you about how you spent your summer .
Hi , My name is Gabriela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I am thirteen years old .
I would recommend Huang Ji Huang to host our farewell dinner .
This a is China - based chain that has recently opened .
This restaurant had received many awards in China before it opened in Jakarta .
Besides that , the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose the private room to accommodate our farewell dinner .
The waiters who work here are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are able to make their customers satisfied with the service .
Huang Ji Huang specialize in a stew pots menu , which will allow you to enjoy authentic Chinese food .
You can order a set menu that Huang Ji Huang offers or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot , but you must choose 3 to 5 ingredients .
Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can make your stew pot tasty , and one of them is Mala Sauce .
Every month , Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their customers , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more , for complete information you can check on the website or call the restaurant .
And I highly recommend you to make a reservation first if you decide to hold our dinner here , because this place is always crowded and we also need a private room .
I guess every child wants to investigate the world .
What kind of risks they can run if they do that .
Some people think nuclear power has great value to produce power compared to fossil fuels , such as coal and oil , which are not renewable energy .
The serious side of nuclear power is the dangerous weapons that countries try to own , which threaten the peace in the world .
Yesterday , I was surfing the Internet and found an amazing site www.bargainstime.com .
There were so many trendy clothes at attractive prices .
He worked a lot , arrived late from his work and never had time to be with Ann .
There is a tradition that the man must n't see
The fastest option for going on holidays
By train , you do n't always have room for your luggage .
By plane , you can hand your luggage in at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . You can always be sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
I think travel by boat is one of the worst ways to travel if you get seasick .
You can eat small pieces of different dishes and have dinner or lunch inexpensively .
The service is very organised and fast . Although it might be high season , you will not have to wait a long time .
I enjoy playing it , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this , for me , is really important .
The thing I like best about football is playing it , but I also like watching it . In fact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
For all the people , I advise you to start playing or watching football , because , for me , it is a very good sport . But you can only play football well if you really like it , because , first and foremost , football is fun .
Like every year , on the twenty - third of April , the day of the book , in my school all the students in the fifth and sixth years of primary school do a short story competition and the winner gets a prize .
Always the director of my school , who is called Michael , is the one who organizes this event so that the children can have fun writing their short stories .
But this year , Michael organized it very badly because he did n't have enough books for all the children and a lot of them did n't get a prize , so Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think my town really takes care of the environment , because there are a lot of parks in this town and they are very clean .
However , some people do not care about the environment . That means some people throw garbage away in the park .
I think almost everyone loves parks , because a lot of people go to the park and have lunch , picnic , do exercise , nap etc .
I think after eating something in the park cleaning up after themselves is good .
However , not everyone does that , so how much the public authorities care about the environment is important and this town cares about that a lot .
Every morning , some people come the to park and clean . up That makes us feel really grateful .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and the roads are clean , so I think many people care about the town as well .
There are many sports grounds , for example , tennis courts , football pitches and play equipment for children , so I think my town takes care of the environment . That means everyone will be able to the in be best condition in both mind and body a for long time .
However , someone has to take care of them .
The town has to do that and I think in England there are so many green areas all around , so a lot of people take care of these and that creates a good environment .
After I went to live in England with my family , I have goton the feel very much indeed .
This movie is based quote unquote on a " true story " , but obviously director Michael bay known for the transformers franchise puts a lot of Hollywood into this movie . It 's about a bodybuilder named Daniel Lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his property , which obviously is not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventually the police get him .
To get to Big Ben , we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye , a red bus .
After 3 days we came home .
Old people and young people benefit from sports .
I like it very much . I play it at a club .
Generally , sports are growing our minds continuously .
I play it with my friends .
My parents always support me playing what I like and
It makes me lose weight easily without making any effort .
Also , not all the school play at one time so every section has time to play .
At school I always play with friends and never play alone and my friends and I always win .
Do you know why I enjoy my sport ? I will tell you why . Because when you play you have fun and interested .
My advice for people who are starting this sport is to practise playing until they get it .
He lives with Chandler , opposite Monica and Rachel 's flat .
One of the main advantages of family is the recognition you are given at a specific age . Children require special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family . For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society .
Moreover , families play an essential part in protecting their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflects on their performance toward country , leading to effective , creative and useful civilians .
So the does n't go outside in the day , and in a room there can not be more than one candle at a time ; it has to always be dark in the house .
and the mother thinks she is lying . But after a while , she believes her and starts searching for the intruders .
Well , my college has an organization called Enactus .
I 'm a member of it and its goal is to improve the positivity of our society by setting up projects that serve many people who really need our help .
So , we have actually done 8 projects since I joined and I had a good feeling through helping other people .
We entered 2 national competitions in 2 years and won second place for one of our projects and gained 2 leagues for other ones .
We made our university proud , plus we helped people .
We need more of this type of organization across the world and there are a lot of students ready to help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
Nowadays , ways of life have been changing in many ways .
Does why , it is easy to believe that if things continue at this pace and transforming everything , in the near future , in 50 years , everything is going to be completely new and different .
In the past , people used to live in the moment without concern about the future .
Because of that , everything was kind of similar and static for many years .
But then industrialization came and , with that , technology , so ways of life started to change and everything started to go faster .
As I said before , because of technology , many things have become possible in less time , and with the passage of the years , this has tended to increase .
For example , sharing knowledge and experiences means that everybody can do or apply things and develop faster .
It also means that research can be shared easily or , for example , you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as well , so you can react faster and make some changes .
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
As a result , we will need to change fast , to try to fix what we have broken and start to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
Last but not least , family perception , has been changed and for that time everything will be different because it will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kids .
As a result , maybe there wo n't be a young workforce in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money on their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
Then I returned to Kuwait , to stay at home till I find work or get a chance to continue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....
On the one hand , society is becoming increasingly fat and some kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat healthily .
He was worried that the bird might charge him , so the man seeks refuge and goes in a cave .
It 's the day after and Jonas has stayed all night in the cave and in the cold .
At dawn the man goes out of the cave and looks at the sky to see if there is a bird of prey .
Jonas does n't see the bird and thinks that the predator has gone away , during the night .
So he decides to go home .
He decided to take the penknife that he had in his bag , and he was successful in killing the bird of prey .
After two long days , Jonas gets home safe and sound and tells everything about his experience .
And in the process of owning , we have moved so far ahead that a day will come when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
As our country is developing , there will be a time when each and every individual will be self - reliant and will definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commuting from one place to the other .
In 1999 some college friends went to the desert on their holiday . They went camping to have fun .
But one day , two guys with quad bikes saw something wrong , and they sad " what 's that ? " . They saw a dead body . They were scared and ran to their camp .
the investigation accused them and investigate prison .
After two days , the police saw somebody at the crime scene . The policeman asked them what they were doing there . He was scared and puzzled .
They caught him and
The policeman was sham feom the gues and he apologised .
I have applied to your University and I am still waiting for an answer .
Also , I have not had an invitation to an interview yet .
I am sorry if I have not understood your previous e - mails .
To be honest , I take the finals exams as a challenge and it becomes exciting for me , and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and most of the time , I get good grades .
How can we revive public transport ?
People are unpleasant because all of is is bad quality , so governments ought to update it with new technology which protects the environment .
Now , the price of a car is very low , so it is very easy to buy a car .
This restaurant would be the best for our class .
Nowadays , there is very little public transport . The general public prefer much faster and more convenient ways of traveling around . Though public transport is used in major cities to avoid traffic congestion , it is widely recognized that public transport is eco - friendly .
Some public transport like trains do not pollute as much as cars or motorbikes .
Many people say that public transport is not comfortable . That 's true . From my point of view , a bus is not so uncomfortable .
Many people like travelling by car , but it pollutes a lot more than going by public transport . Public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also pollutes less than them .
I would feel more energetic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight - scheduled work . I came across your advertisement for this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect , because I have a friendly rapport with people around me . I would be pleased to receive your positive reply .
For instance , my town has a lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees and many types of animals or plants .
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules for the environment , so ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminated and pollution has increased in my town .
Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed some foreign enterprises or corporations to take our own resources without demanding that they be careful with the environment .
Nevertheless , in the last decade , some neighborhoods have become conscious of their context .
In this way , we can see that their population have so much control and they know that affects them .
In my opinion , this sport teaches us to be mature , because , in addition to setting up the person physically , it instructs the mind .
I began this sport 2 years ago .
My brother had won so many fights and when I saw him proud I wanted to try that .
First , the majors they offer are numerous and diverse .
They have a lot of faculty members .
They give the students the freedom to choose their majors and their teachers .
In addition , they have a lot of facilities that serve students , like kindergartens that take care of the children of the employees , university housing , a hospital the students of medicine can be application in and it serves the people too , and a big library which has many books in various languages .
In addition , the location of large a college is clear and in the center of the city , so that is it easily accessible .
In the end , large colleges admit larger numbers of students , so the students may establish more friendships with people of different nationalities . Also they serve the community by qualifying many students in various majors .
Once upon a time , there was a boy whose name was Michael .
Michael loved to play football all the time .
One day , he woke up early in the morning and he went out to play football before school . When he was playing , he saw something running very fast and go away .
He went back home to get ready for school and he tried to forget what he had seen , but he could n't .
After school , he did n't go home directly because he wanted to check if what he had seen in the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
Next day , he woke up early again , not to play football but to see if that stranger would come back that morning , and he saw him again .
He rushed from his bed to the street and walked to his way to see what he did every morning . When he was walking after the strange man , he noticed that he stopped at every trash can in the street to take a look before going to the next one . And , guess what ? He saw Michael and ran away and Michael was afraid .
We are looking forward to seeing your participation in the Organisation after six months .
I am quite interested in how the stars are getting on .
A new substance , called CPH4 , destined to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which a full bag was put into her stomach by illegal clinical surgery .
But everything went out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked her in her abdomen . The substance spills through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of its capacity .
It is a gripping film , starring Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in quite good acting , that will keep you tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feeling unpasible .
People are getting used to driving their own cars ; it provides more comfort , and is more practical .
You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary to stand in long queues at metro or bus stations .
The government are opposed to investing in public infrastructure , because the benefits are lower every year .
They prefer to invest in public roads and motorways .
By using public transport we protect the environment .
If we travel by car , we generate more pollution than with public transport .
The girl is 18 years old and the men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they are over 100 years old .
He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all the stores were closed , so he had to find a solution .
A few hours later , he was walking past a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he had ever seen , so he picked them up .
If you do n't want to experience this situation , you must always do things on time .
I think public transport is better for the environment because going by public transport reduces the CO2 emissions and removes traffic from the streets .
Reducing the rush hours in the main hours causes a CO2 reduction in the air .
People should eat less fast food and do regular exercise to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
At university level , the availability of IT training , software and manuals provides an ever accessible source of information that otherwise would not be to hand .
So it provides a lot of interesting information , one example of which is about how different machines work , which can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
One day I decided to buy a newspaper .
When I arrived at home , I started to read the newspaper , so I found out from there that The International Student Magazine have organized a short story competition , and I decided to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
Michael told me he knew about this contest and at that moment he wanted to call me to ask if I was able to come with him to that contest .
After I decided to go with him to the contest , I was thinking about going to that contest next year to participate in and win that contest , so this year I was wondering what the program was like .
When we arrived there , the emotions started to appear so definitely it was time to drink a hot coffee , before the contest started .
I was wondering if Michael passed that exam .
After Michael opened the door to the classroom , I saw in his eyes something strange .
When we came back to our dressing room , " Golem " was waiting for us .
Now , " Golem " are holding him hostage in their cave , which is hidden somewhere in Los Angeles . "
We took all we needed and started the search for Niall ... We went to all the caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't find them .
I could n't believe my eyes , we had found Niall .
Then , we got out of our car and saved Niall , then we fought with " Golem " and came back home .
for example . If you go to another city by car , you may spend more than two days on the journey .
In contrast , travelling by airplane just takes you two hours , and you can get to your destination .
The time spent on taking a plane is lower than taking a car .
To sum up , there are numerous benefits to using public transport , and it will not disappear .
On the other hand we must mention how the plane sector has been growing . Currently it is the most common mode of transport for going away and that also means that shipping manufacture has decreased deeply , in order to let the plane market boom .
According to the information donne , the most used mode of transport is the car as most families have one , but public transportation is getting more and more common for those who want to preserve the planet and develop other alternatives more respectful of the planet .
As we were saying , the new ecological movement is increasingly more powerful and charismatic . Due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age . They are also linked to the new fashion of being a hipster .
In conclusion , we are seeing a new tend in transport . Increasingly , they are faster and more developed , with the latest technology included , but in contrast , we find also a contradiction , as we found another trend for traditional transport which avoids pollution in order to respect the Earth .
I agree that commuting by car is easier and faster than most public transportation . However , there are serious problems that come from it . The number of vehicles on the roads keeps increasing and causes congestion and pollution , which are far more severe than the inconvenience caused by public transportation .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
However , the extensive use of mobiles creates lot of problems .
To begin with , nowadays people are addicted to mobiles . For example , young people waste their valuable time on mobiles .
Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with unknown people , and this can lead to several issues including crimes .
To sum up , let people be aware of the drawbacks of phones and use them wisely .
Public transport is generally the transport system provided by the government for the general populace .
This facility helps the general populace to save money , because usually this transport is the least costly .
The first time I rode on the horse , I was 14 , and since that time , I enjoy it very much .
Moreover , alcoholics should go to the doctor in order to get well .
Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan movie which has the participation of some Hollywood stars , such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
On the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required destination , because public transport takes a long route to get to more places and as more people take advantage of it , public transport is usually crowded and is not on time .
Finally , in the near future , most people will be using their own cars , because it saves a lot of time as compared with public transport and the time factor will be more important in the future .
However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to do my homework for tomorrow 's school .
My favourite day is Saturday because I do not need to work or study , so I can go out with my friends , and on Sunday I can wake up very late .
When I run with the ball , I feel like I am holding a goal or a valuable object and I should offer my best to put it in its place and do it in the right way .
I know that I am not a professional player and I do n't belong to any team , but I like this game . Basketball is so simple play but it needs speed , concentration and the ability to determine distances . It consists of two teams of five players and each team tries to get a point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most about this game is that the smallest number of players can play it , even two players . I recommend everyone to try it , especially with their friends or family .
Firstly , I would like to mention public transport types .
From my point of view , the main disadvantages of public transport , which make our lives uncomfortable , are time and place limitations , sharing the space with others , lack of free seats .
We should think of a better future and try to be environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge amount of pollution which is caused by cars and not think only of our comfort .
At that point , someone invited sing to me , after school , they and I went to dinner and went to sing .
At KTV , they touched me because there were a lot of people who had planned a birthday party for me .
After I finished I went home , because I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
The next day , I was reluctant to get up and go to class .
Suddenly , I thought my gift was gone . The students said they did n't take it , but I doubted them , so we quarrelled .
I got home from school , only to find a gift on the sofa .
I offered an apology out of harm students , but fortunately they did n't get angry with me .
There are four steps to boiling an egg and some tips to make it delicious .
Here is the recipe : First , get some equipment , like a pan , water , one or more eggs , and , of course , a stove .
Second , put the hot water and eggs into the pan .
In the future , you 'll have to pay a lot of money for university , a new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too , but it 's not easy , actually .
Now I have about 100 and will have more in future , I hope .
Sometimes , my family and my friends give me books as gifts .
As this is my first time , I would like to find out how exactly the system works , so I chose to write this random text rather than those serious topics available .
Maintaining cars is expensive .
In the future , cutting public transport will affect many people .
Elderly people are n't able to drive and always depend on public transport .
If public transport services stop , people who are not able to drive will be affected a lot .
As our population is growing fast , in a family both husband and wife are working and children at university are able to drive , so you are looking at at least 3 cars per household , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
In summary , public transport is important for our community and people have to raise their concerns regarding this .
Stopping public transport is not going to gain anything , and the impact will be unpredictable .
Michael had just realized that he had n't heard the alarm clock , so he got in a panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late for work .
After the shower , he got his suit , but he had forgotten that he had n't done the ironing the previous day . Moreover , he did n't have any other ironed suits , so he did it quickly .
90% of Americans want to be a basketball star , with the dream of playing with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...
Furthermore , they give advice to all those novices at basketball " do n't ever lose the passion " , because if they give up , they wo n't play with the biggest players in the world .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnaire consists of what the people think about the king sport of the United States of America .
I 've been jogging for five years .
I think there are no negative sides to jogging .
My mother made me start .
I fell relaxed being alone near mountains and snow .
I like the people who serve there and the decoration is pretty .
If you go there , tell me what you think .
I am sure you will have a fun time .
Public transport is very crowded , so you may not have a seat . I hate public transport because I was attacked by a madman once . also taxi is not a good mode of transport . I hope I have my own car soon to avoid public transport . Travelling in your car makes it easier and better .
The advantages might include that it has a low price and might rescue you if your car is not working .
If you do have this service , maybe you are the people that I am looking for .
I would appreciate it if I could arrange an appointment with you to find out about your service .
I 'm a really sporty person . I love different sports . I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that doing exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
I think one of my favorite sports of all is athletics . I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be better every day than you were yesterday . It forces you to improve every time . Also , it is an exercise that helps your whole body , especially the legs , because it gives them great strength , but also your hands , because they have to be in constant movement , and all the body in general , because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and helps you to have coordination .
I enjoy running a lot because it relaxes me . I let out all my worries and frustrations , so it makes me happy .
I recommend all people who want to run , if you do n't feel like you 're improving , keep going anyway and with time you will see results .
Sidi is 24 years old . And last is Joni , who is only 15 years old .
One day , Michael got up late , and he had to go to school at seven o'clock .
It was six o'clock and he had to hurry if he did not want to get to school late .
Michael was out all day , and Lionel did n't have anything to eat ....
One day , I had a surprise . I met a teacher and he invited me to train in a huge gym in a team .
Suddenly something happened . I needed to work to play my studies in high school , so life changes anyway . I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I needed to study at that time . It was more important to me .
The hugest gap is in 1981 , when the cheapest price was combined with the highest expenditure on cigarette packs in the whole interval .
Later , both lines changed their regular trends so there is a huge imbalance again .
The world is progressing rapidly . Day by day there are new modes of transportation , there is new technology .
From the beginning of the world till now , mankind has wanted a fast income and an easy way of life , so he tries more and more to find a solution to his problems by creating new ways of living more easily and more conveniently for him .
So , transportation is one of the most important issues facing mankind , because it is related to interaction between people , like trade and many other purposes .
From this point every human has the ability to buy a car and also buy his rest , he will not hesitate to do it .
But we do n't know if this change will be good or bad . I hope it will be good , but let 's talk about it .
I think it is probable that in some years the technology could have improved quite a lot , and this is a very powerful advantage for us , the young people .
Because we were born in ' the internet generation ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .
In conclusion , I 've got to say that now we do n't have to worry about the future , we just have to carry on in the present and do the best we can .
Hi Alex ! How are you ? I heard that you are going out with Mike !
Anyway , I was wondering if you wanted to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio s movie , because I heard that action movies are your favourite .
It is about a little girl who was adopted but she is 35 years old in reality .
Nowadays the public transport system is running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes . In the early 1990s , the public transport systems were the most popular transport system across the world because , most people did not have their own vehicles . But in the late 1990s , most people were able to buy their own vehicle thanks to many financial institutions which have various loan facilities .
Today , many people use their own vehicle instead of public transport . The other thing is , it is an easy and convenient way to travel to work and any other personal work . , therefore , it can be seen that the demand for public transport is getting lower and lower .
In conclusion , it is true that the demand from the public is going down rapidly as they have their own vehicles .
Some people prefer playing together , but there are also competitions between players .
I think that this class discussion ca n't be true .
In the future , people 's live will be better .
Otherwise everybody wants a better future .
Nowadays , there are a lot of things that we do to make life easier .
I 'm looking forward to people having more interest in this case .
For instance , my family do n't think that will happen in the next 10 years .
Besides , they say all the time : ' Carpe diem ' .
She works in a primary school .
I love my family , but everybody is staying or living in a different place or country .
I hope I can live with him in the same place .
We had a fun time at the beginning of our lives , when we were kids .
The expansion of public transport is one of the keys to saving the planet , especially if the energy source used comes from clean sources .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Research shows that private cars are used , most often carrying a small number of people at a time , which makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances emitted into the environment each time the engine is started .
But her boyfriend lived upstate and did n't have an airport he 's of city Because of that , she needed to travel by train .
She just packed a suitcase . After that , she went to the train station .
I think that the increase in teenage crime is because their parents do not set limits on them , and do not pay attention , so they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
Another good option is to give them a difficult job to keep them busy every day . But I do n't know what kind of job it could be , because a person who commits a crime is n't going to do something to help society , like community service .
What if it was my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened at my work ?
The flowchart provides an overview of the steps for making bank notes . It shows how bank notes are manufactured from design to a thing we can use .
Depending on the quality of sheets , there will be two results . If the quality is good or the bank note is partially damaged but can be used , it will be cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and dispatched , while any bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
My height is about 5.2 , my hair color is dark brown , my eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and a long shirt . I will be arriving at 20 past 3 .
Near to the entry , someone welcomes customers and answers their questions .
When you talk with someone , do you ever think about your words before you say them ?
You must think a little bit before you speak as one word can cause a lot of pain for others for the rest of their lives . you may not actually notice that , but you will feel what I really mean if someone says to you painful words .
It is clear that everyone is prone to making a mistake without even noticing .
Michael is a good boy and he always listens to his mother . on time , Michael was very angry because he got a bad score in his test . when he got home , his mother was cooking and she asked him what was wrong .
He said bad words that he would regret saying . he went to his room . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
However , if I were you , I would do what I have always wanted .
And I know which subject you 've always been interested in : music .
I remember when you told me once you were playing a violin for four hours .
I prefer travelling in a car or by motorbike . I feel safe .
Comparing cars and buses , the car is more expensive than the bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
I prefer travelling in the car .
Once upon a time , there was a little man called Michael . That man had the heart of a little child and the courage of a big man .
One day , Michael decided to throw a surprise party for Sinha to make her happy and make her feel his love more , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise for her , he was busy all the time and did not show off all week as usual . That made Sinha worried and she suspected that Michael did not love her any more and had met another girl , and she became extremely sad , and it got even worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to give her the surprise but he did not answer his phone after that .
When he came she started crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything . She started to cry louder and accused him of cheating . That made Michael astonished at how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him , and he told her that he could not stand that anymore , he would break up with her , and he left . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
There 's no question which is my favourite restaurant in town : The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class , to have our last farewell dinner there .
Our class has changed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming . We have always been welcoming , and not least towards the new ones .
What I just said is what the restaurant , Seaside , means to me . Welcoming .
It all started at the Parson Institute in the art history class . Students of the race of Fine Arts . In the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , assigned a task to his students , saying :
-To begin this course , I want to be sure you know the meaning of art , so I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , and with this you will explain to me what art is .
His excited students began going to their homes with this work , since they had only 4 days to fulfil their task .
A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , and went out of the room , closing the door , and Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .
This sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about leaving this sport , because lately , I hate blood , so I think a lot about leaving this sport , but it is dominated to me .
It makes me like an animal when i 'm standing and getting ready to fight . I 'm converted into the enemy . I 'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tries to stop me .
So , I 'm really thinking about leaving this sport .
Everyday I get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seek to put all my efforts into being the best in the world . Finally I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
I have to say that studying another language gives you more opportunities , because these days you need to know other languages to find a job and be more intelligent than your colleagues to get the work and that 's great .
I think learning another language never has drawbacks , because all you learn is good for you and your brain . You never stop learning new things .
These days , most people feel comfortable travelling by car and so they believe that public transport is not going to continue for long .
However , I do not agree with them , because in most parts of the world mass transport systems are still popular and they are environmentally friendly and cost - efficient .
Firstly , public bus services are very popular in most parts of the world .
Secondly , public transport is environmentally sound in comparison to private vehicles .
Public buses prevent more cars from polluting the environment .
In conclusion , although the car is convenient for travelling , it is not enough to being an end to public transportation .
In the towns of the future , care for the environment will be one of the most important things .
When I go out to the countryside , if I lunch there , I take care to clean the ground .
In the future , I hope to live in a clean town and I 'm sure that most people are now thinking this way . We need to take care of our town because nobody likes to live in a dump .
Military service is military training which means people have to join the army or voluntary service for a period of time .
In Korea , people have to do military service for at least 2 years .
Similarly , people have to do it for 1 year in Taiwan .
There is debate about whether everyone should have to do military service when they reach 18 years old .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and makes people mature , whilst opponents claim that military service has effects on people 's studies and people should have freedom of choice .
Firstly , every country requires stability and must be protected by strong armed forces for national security .
In particular , some countries with small populations have a policy that people need to do military service to develop into a powerful country .
Secondly , it is important for people to become mature when they complete military service , which probably is a particular experience at 18 years old .
In addition to having hard physical training and getting different special skills , people also can improve their personal qualities through military service .
Consequently , people could be more independent and strong . They seem to become mature earlier than other people who do not do military service .
Military service mainly improves physical fitness , but education might be completed better in school at that age because it has a professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually find it easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
For instance , some countries allow people to do military service after all their courses have finished .
Additionally , critics argue that countries are able to allow people to have freedom of choice about military service .
Some people are unwilling to do military service , while some people volunteer for military service and possibly enjoy it .
In conclusion , it can be concluded that military service is necessary for national security and good for people to improve themselves .
The best course of action would be for government to attempt to allow people to volunteer for it when they have completed their studies .
This city does n't have a lot of citizens but it 's a tourist city .
In our city , we have a billboard to urge people to pay attention to the environment .
In the schools , we set up a workshop to tell students how important the environment is to our lives .
The citizens of the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city is green - clean - beautiful " .
So they are aware of the need to help the city achieve that .
So everyone brings the trash to the place permission .
I wish a lot of people around the world could see the importance of the environment .
And they have to act to protect it .
I was in a museum in New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I heared the museum alarm . Everyone was afraid , including me .
The police were chasing a thief that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
I went to my apartment and turned on my TV and I saw on the news that the bandit had escaped with 3 paintings .
I went to the museum and followed all the clues and I found a broken sculpture .
I went to the address and when I got there it appeared to be an abandoned house .
I decided to wait and hide in the bushes if I saw someone entering .
In the night , I saw a shadow entering the house .
I carefully approached the window of the house and I saw two men with the paintings .
I followed them in a taxi .
I located them instantly because I recognized their hats .
They threatened all the people cruelly , so all the sightseers were angry with them .
We got on a train . The ceiling was comfortable but everyone was complaining about the two men .
I finally trapped them . Their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker . I told the police and the police put them in jail .
And the paintings are in the museum again .
The watch showed the time was 9.30am and there were 2 hours left before he must go to the place that made his heartbeat so fast .
He had an interview to get a scholarship so that he could pursue his dream of studying medicine in Ireland .
He went to the bus station to catch the bus .
After the bus arrived , he got on and half an hour later he arrived at the destination .
After waiting for an hour , the time came and , bravely , with a high confidence level , he walked into the office .
Suddenly , his water floaded and tears dropped from his eyes .
The interviewer who was sitting in front of him was a person with blue eyes that he really loved .
Peter , without hesitating , hugged the interviewer , who was a man about 40 years old .
The man , who was crying together with him , was his father who had left Peter and his mom because they had divorced 6 years ago .
Then the interview became a meeting between a father and a son that was really touching .
Kill two birds with one stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation , because he got his beloved father back and can still pursue his dream of studying in Ireland .
Hello ! I am beginning to study technical English .
I want to do this course , because it will help me to enlarge my vocabulary .
Would you like to do this course with me ?
Please , write me a list with the words that I need for technical conversation .
The purpose of the chef is soup and creamed corn to start , beef medallion covered bittersweet of carrot sauce with nuts and the dessert is chocolate cake with cheese .
The pack has a cost of $ 350 per person .
Can a TV programme entertain and educate at the same time ?
People complain about how the information in different TV shows does n't contribute to the process of learning . That 's why many of these programmes are considered trash , because of the multiple shows such as reality shows , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that have appeared recently . This type of program is one where the information is often gossip about the personal lives of famous singers and actors without taking into account whether they are true or not .
Knowledge that sometimes is unknown even though it is part of the general culture or proper of the history of our country .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you go to and from a specific place , but on a bus , you go to the bus stop and not to your house or school , work ...
It is better for the people to be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government who pay . This money bacame do to make more work for others .
Not everything is good . Some people haven't got money and ca n't go to another place and the pollution is increasing . It is a serious problem and the solution is only for rich people . The solution is buying an electric car . The other solution , more economical , is for the government to give money to the people to buy an electric car .
There is no future for public transport , since everybody prefers to use their own car .
Time is valuable for everybody and nobody is bothered about money .
I used to ignore thrillers due to my fragile heart , but my mind is changed now after watching this film .
The film is entitled " Scary Movie " and was directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans .
This story is about a murderer who completes his mission : killed everyone that he hated .
In the end , only one person could be alive , even though those sacrificed tried to escape this horrible result .
I can not find a word to describe this film easily . What can I say is you will regret it if you miss this film .
The first reason is that all the actors show their talent in this film directly and the audience can follow their steps and the story certainly . This essential element also gives great success to the film .
Besides , the attractive storyline has a lot of climax , so that everyone can watch this film from the beginning to the end and this creates the billion box office to this film .
Finally , your bravery can be increased after watching this film .
I 'm studying medicine . This major is very challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there is a lot of information .
This major involves everything . We always have to consider all the possibilities to complete homework , you have to know the maximum possible information to be able to complete it .
When you get the answer or solution , you can see that all the effort was worthwhile .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teaching us about teamwork , so it 's common that one / two people do all the work ... with this I want to say , it is rewarding when our teacher asks something and we know the answer because we were able to study the whole topic .
I have experience of going to the hospital and it was very interesting .
I dealt with medicine students who are superior to me , for example , doctors and surgeons .
How to learn English
You can study hard for years , but if you are n't obligated to use English for everyday things , you wo n't become good at it .
Even though there are lots of different possibilities and scholarships , not everybody can afford them .
In addition , visiting new countries and meeting new cultures , helps to open your mind and to foster a lot .
I have done several school trips in the past few years and I 'm going to do it again for sure .
I like travelling with my family and friends . I like travelling because I can get to know new people , places and cultures .
He is in 5º. He goes to Clara Jackson High school .
I prefer playing football to playing basketball .
They provide energy for our bodies .
In addition , we will adjust the company 's management structure in each department depending on the market 's reaction and the environment .
And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily avoid price competition .
We will research the market demand based on our core products , and produce high - quality products .
Therefore , we are reforming and making high - tech items , likes LEDs , photoelectric , vacuums , steam mops , etc .
All governments are increasing their policies and laws relating to this topic and they also promote new rules in the daily life of the population .
The town mayor has given the population a free bus .
I think , in conclusion , all people should have good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also should take public transport more often .
Environmental changes are really needed in the current situation .
The report explains how my town 's people take care of their surroundings to preserve this planet in a better way .
Firstly , hybrid cars are only allowed to be used during weekends . As a result of this , most people do not use their cars all week .
This attitude has reduced the enormous amount of smoke pollution from exhaust pipes .
Many factories are following the regulations and not draining the harmful waste into the water .
Secondly , closed trash bins are provided for the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
People come forward and utilise these bins effectively instead of throwing rubbish away .
As a result of this , the town looks clean compared to previous decades .
In addition to that , recyclable waste is sold and the money is given to the relevant person .
Thirdly , public toilets have been opened for the public to eliminate the habit of urinating in public places .
Town council not only encourage people to plant trees or gardens , it subsidises their green improvements .
In summary , people take many initiatives and are moving forward to have a safe and attractive environment and surroundings .
People that play in this category are famous although you can see them on TV . If you want to be a big football player , you must practise more time and your life should be healthy .
You must care about your food and your habits so that you have a healthy body .
If you want to start doing this sport , you should be prepared to work hard .
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world ! Many of our classmates really like you too ! We know that you are going to teach at Discovery - bay primary school . My English results are better since you taught me . I really love you , Ms Cumings ! Your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you both . I hope you that you will come back sometimes !
As the graph indicates , the sales at the ice - cream van were generally higher than those at the indoor swimming pool .
In the case of the ice - cream van , it sold most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reaching 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .
Every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak in the third season , then they gradually slid back to the year 's bottom .
It usually sold most in Apr - Jun and Oct - Dec and slid to the bottom in Jul - Sep .
We are used to travelling by car , and , in fact , every family has one .
Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it is likely it will be so expensive that most people will not be able to afford a car .
Finally , governments and society are concerned about the environment and I think that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emissions .
Life is divided up in terms of time . We live through time , we grow with time
We must value time . I hope my country is like a developed country in making the best use of time .
Once a moment is lost , it is lost for ever .
So we should be aware of the importance of time . I hope not to waste it and to make the best use of it to giving opportunity for rising . Those who waste it , will be left behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
The great men and successful guys became famous and rose through the suitable use of time . They a are guide and a source of inspiration for a new generation .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
I ca n't say I hope that time will be more important in our lives and we need to save it .
In my town , we have a big swimming pool , five parks , four bares and one state school .
In my town , there are a lot of old people , and there are not many children , because they live in other cities .
My best friend lives in Madrid , but we always used to be together in her house or in my grandparents ' house .
I miss you so much . How is your baby ?
I could come to Madrid .
You and I could see each other .
Next month , I am going to come to our town .
Will you be able to go ?
It will be fantastic !
Oh ! My brother , David , is going to get married ! Surprise !
I hope that you will be able to come to the wedding .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed . Factors for consideration include the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
Secondly , equipment such as skilled machinists and metal plates have to be prepared for the next steps .
Thirdly , they print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 banks notes per sheet ) with special ink , where colour is considered on both sides and images will be slightly raised on the bank notes .
Most importantly , they manually inspect each printed sheet in case there should be damaged sheets .
It is an Egyptian movie starring Khalen Aboelnaga and some young actors . The action of this film takes place in Alexandria , a city in Egypt , and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they do n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution . I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they do n't find time for other activities , and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love .
I live in a small town , and there are a few things that my town does for the environment : like recycling , for which we must know what material the things we throw away are made of , and put them in the right dumpster .
We can also use appliances that do not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electrical systems or buy organic products .
In the big cities , they have begun to build green buildings , they use electric public transport in order not to pollute .
The most exciting day of my life was May 9th last year , when I attended secondary school .
I went to France with my friends and my teachers .
I caught the bus and I waved to my mum .
Next , we visited a famous aquarium where I saw a lot of fish .
In the evening we had dinner in a particular restaurant and my friends and I took many photos of a famous sight .
I admired the sea while my friends looked around the shops .
The day after , we went to a perfumery and I bought a present for my mum .
On a nice day , my older brother surprised me .
It was the first time for me to play with a cat .
It was a nice experience .
I called it LOZAH because its color was like an almond .
It likes my laptop and it plays with the cursor .
The nice sleeping of it is when it watches anime .
When the children go out , it becomes sad .
When we need to punish it we spread some drops of water on its face .
I hope it will be a good cat and a good experience for me .
I had to look after two little boys aged seven and nine years old .
I was the babysitter of those children for all that summer and I enjoyed myself so much with them .
They lived in a big house with a lovely swimming pool where we could swim and play .
At the end of the summer , I kept on seeing those boys to help them during the school year .
This experience helped me a lot because I became much more responsible , not only with those boys , but also with my brothers and sister ( I have two brothers and one sister ) and I learned the meaning of working and earning money .
I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I had known them since they were born .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried her best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
That was really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman like my mother who tried her best to feed me and help me complete my studies .
All the members of my family never gave up on me , and I finished my college studies , too . I have a good job now .
I do really thank my mother and all the members of my family for being patient and exertion to me . Now we have a great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we have got not so easily .
First of all , let me introduce my town . I live in Kabul , the capital of Afghanistan .
Based on necessity , the people and government of this town together effectually take care of the environment .
The municipality of the town collects the garbage from the streets and roads and ships it to a
Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains and has a mountainous climate . This town has approximately 15 mm of rain per year . The remarkable agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect on Kabul 's environment and produces fresh air for the citizens of the town .
Public transport is busy nowadays .
More people are using it and it is getting rush .
It is creating a lot of problems by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .
I suggest you do sports because it makes us healthy .
I am interested in working with you .
I studied in an English school and have been learning English since I was a child . My teachers were all native speakers and I always practised my English with them .
I worked in the English holiday school this year and I have learned a lot through this experience .
I organized activities like sports , visits to cities , festivals , etc .
I love being with them ; they help me to do my work , they teach me to be a better person . I have more patience now and I know how to be happy .
Cooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat very well and I cook several kinds of foods .
One person likes going hiking , others likes dancing , still others like playing
play it with someone , whether just for fun or for a competition , my body feels so hot in thirty minutes .
Then , it can be played indoors , and it can be played in the sun .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you . Apart from being good for your health , it can also be a lot
If someone asked me what the best sport is , I would say :
My favourite sport is badminton because I used to play it when I was a child and I loved it .
It seems to me a complete sport , because you can play it in pairs or in an individual way .
You have to be able to play for a long time , to analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have the measure of your energy so as not to be exhausted before the match is over .
Because if you are trying to win , you will lose the most important thing : discovering how wonderful playing a sport can be .
Nowadays , young people are influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different color clothes . They do n't want to wear our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They only like to wear shirts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television .
After After one month , my instructor told me that I would enter the competition .
The day of the competition arrived and I went with others to show how I 'd practiced .
Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami . When I left I had a special feeling ; many people were looking and clapping .
When I go to karate I 'm not even sick .
Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , and optimism and strengthened my immune system .
There were athletes who were European champions and I gathered all my courage and I did my exercises very well , except for a fall from the beam .
After the competition I was relaxed and happy , because I had done my job .
In the end , I placed 7th for both beam and floor , and after we took the photos , I went back to the changing room .
The little girls thanked me , then I went to eat with my team and the day after we went back to Italy .
An easy recipe is cookies .
I am writing with regard to finding accounting services for my company .
I know that you have experience in searching got the best employees and you have quality .
I need my employees to be punctual and that they have responsibility in their job because we are talking about the money of the company .
Buying cars and scooters is more convenient than in the last decade .
People now buy cars and scooters according to their convenience and pocket .
Previously , people used to use buses , taxis , autos for going to offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
So public transport 's importance is decreasing every day .
If it so there will come a time when individual people will not be interested in public transport .
The rate of road accidents has increased in a few decades .
People do not even care about safety parameters while driving on the roads .
It would be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and for countries as well , because we will save a lot of money .
I think that family members ca n't be friends because the relationship is very different .
Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think this statement should say that public transport is going to exist in the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .
On the other hand , public transport does n't pollute , but the car pollutes , so , for us , travelling by car is better than travelling by public transport , but for the atmosphere , it is better to travel by public transport than to travel by car .
There is a stereo system on the bench and arranged around the room there are a lot of puppets .
I am not a fluent speaker of English but I hope that I will be one day .
What makes me like learning new languages is how it helps me communicate with others easily . I also like traveling so much , as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions . However , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend on whatever I like .
My dream for when I grow up is that I will travel a lot around the world , marry a romantic , funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
Years ago I was very worried about what would happen in the future .
But , these days , people think differently , and are starting to help the world and .
Now , people are more aware and they know how dangerous is for the planet .
Also , TV , radio , the internet , big companies have advertisements about helping the planet .
Moreover , from kindergarten , schools are educating about taking care of the planet , simply by doing things like separating the garbage .
Obesity and other things about help , is a very important topic , because people are dying because of this problem .
For example , the way of preparing food can be dangerous because a lot food has artificial things that are not good for us .
Maybe , in 2060 , we will be able to go to the moon very easily , like going to Europe .
Also , cars will fly , and maybe that will be better for the city .
In conclusion , I think that we are on track for the next years .
Compared with the past , people are more aware and are worried about the world .
As a result of that , we will have a better life , more healthy and clean in the coming years .
I hope things will continue in this way because it is our future , our life and we have to take care of it to have a good and happy life in the coming years .
And this importance of private transport is because private transportation provides a comfortable way to move from one place to another . Also , it helps to save time and reduce costs spent in public transportation .
Firstly , private transport provides a comfortable way to travel from one place to another without sharing with strange people and , by using this kind of transport , is also convenient because you are free to choose the time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting time waiting for a specific time to move or even waste time waiting for a public transportation vehicle to reach all the points it has to go to , but on the other hand , when you have your own transport or private transport , you get the right to choose the time of your trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays , we can not afford to waste our time taking public transport .
Finally , public transport involves more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , trains ) fares are increasing every year , and we do not face this problem with private transport .
To begin with , the Li Ren edition of The Dream of the Red Chamber has 120 units .
The Yakimeshi , the sushi and all the dishes were like a taste of the real Japan .
The tables have a grill where the chef does his magic .
That makes anybody feel a new level of pleasure in the same process that everybody repeats everyday , eating .
After talking with her for a few minutes , I became so happy .
In fact , I fell in love with her at first sight .
There was no other option for me . I just wanted her . During the exam , I was thinking the whole time about how to communicate with her .
When the examination was over , again , I started to talk with her , asking her her exam was .
She told me not good at all , but mine was good and she also added that I might get the chance , and finally I got it .
Three days later , our results were published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
Then I became so unhappy .
I thought if both of us got the chance , then it would be very good .
When I was returning from Syleth , I called the girl and talked to her and told her that I had got chance at university , but the girl said that she knew .
Well , weddings in my country are usually celebrated in a church .
The bride wears a long white dress and the groom wears a black suit .
I think that 's all . I hope that it will be helpful .
I am very tall ( 1,71 m ) , my face is normal , I have brown eyes and black hair , and my nose and mouth are normal .
Now it is the holidays and we need or we want to visit places around the country .
Well , I will explain in this article about one museum that is considered " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
In 1810 , there was a war for independence in Mexico and many people fought with other people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is considered " The father of independence " and he fought with the Spanish monarchy .
The Museum is in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
You should knew that the price to visit the museum is very cheap : $ 15.00 for an hour . If you want to spend more time , the price increases by $ 10.00 .
The museum is the most interesting place in my country because it describes the history of our country .
Finally , you can enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other cities or other countries .
Football is an important sport that unites nations .
It brings unity between countries .
People from different cultures play in the same club .
Mine was badminton and I really enjoyed it when I was playing .
It is one of the best exercises for anybody who wants to get thin .
When I am on the court , my opponents fear my service and I am very at my position to cover the entire court .
The court holds 2 players or 4 players , depending on the court .
Each team has 1 or 2 players ,
and the court has one net in between those players .
They have to hit the cock over the net .
For this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to be behind others . Therefore , many kindergartens have started to teach children English .
He went through the park where children were playing around .
Everything seemed so fine , and nothing was wrong , anyway .
He loves music so much that he turned down other courses , just concentrating on music .
The teacher says that Michael is gifted and talented .
At first , he just pretended nothing was happening .
He thought that he had done the right thing , then went back home .
Then they are always screaming and yelling like wild goats .
When I hear this , I want to commit hara - kiri .
Why do we use public transport ? Some of us use it to save money by not buying gas or because they ca n't buy a car or if they have problems with their cars or they are n't in the mood to drive .
I do n't really have an opinion , I just do n't know . We will have to wait and find out .
In my opinion , it has to be like brushing our teeth .
That is what happened with me personally .
But I had never before worked out by jogging .
So to finish the competition with pleasure , I needed to work out a plan , which was a day - by - day diary of our jogging distance , time , and mood during our workout .
First of all , it is absolutely minimal . You just need boots for running !
I enjoy my favourite sport because I feel better after jogging , I think better and I meet lovely people because of running .
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
But you will love the movie and you will want to see others , so go and see that movie .
Cricket is a sport that has two teams of eleven players each ..
Playing cricket also gives physical exercise to our body . we can bowl , bat , field in cricket , which requires a lot of physical activity .
Playing cricket gives relaxation and reduces stress .
This sport is an individual sport , so you win alone and do n't beat a team , but if you play tournaments in pairs the one who wins is the team .
But I know that a lot of young people play tennis . I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years ' time , then you wo n't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis teacher , who will introduce you to tennis and you will learn the shots , including forehand , backhand , the smash and the service .
He went to the garage and got on on his motorbike .
Though the road was wet and slippy , he rode his motorbike fast and skilfully , making his way through the other cars and trucks .
It is great when you are in a cup and go very far in the tournament .
When you play in a tournament you play a lot of football and you also spend a lot of time with your friends .
When you go far in a tournament , you have to play a lot of games .
If you are starting this sport , you need to think it 's fun to play it .
If you do n't think it is a fun sport , you should not do it .
You should not play the sport just because your friends are doing it . Do it because you like to play .
Also , I have done a climbing course and I have practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
I have worked for a few different companies and associations in the past .
My best leisure time activity would be hanging out with my friends .
l like the cool breeze from the ocean while I 'm walking along the shore and listening to my favorite music .
Hi Alex , I ca n't wait to see you
But , if we are not too tired at the time , we could go out .
I would really like it if my parents could bring me to your house on Friday evening , but I think that we have a party that night .
I am living in New York city ! !
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had to change cities .
I think that public transport is the future , because many countries will have to ban entrance to their towns for private cars to stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere , in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
So I do not agree with this affirmation . In my opinion , travelling by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than using public transport .
Maybe he is sorry she thought , but why if she is perfect , she is everything that a man could want . So what was happening .
-Oh , erm- He gets a little bit red in the face- I … erm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face goes totally red .
He seems different . She never imagined that Jason could be like that . She imagined someone brave and strong , and she never foresaw something like this . But she felt something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again , but more serious and with his normal face - It 's because , well it , was my first kiss OK ! ? I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snakes and everything that you can imagine .
But these thoughts of l … lo … love , can make me very nervous- the blush comes again .
- Haha!- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it was my first kiss too , and I liked it . She smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
Elizabeth seems to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convinced , because when he kissed her , he did n't feel anything , he did n't feel that the ground disappeared , and when his face turned red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like she was very sorry for kissing him .
-Why are we here ? - Margarita asks .
When they entered the dressmaker 's market , Lucresia was n't there .
-These dresses are made of textile fiber . Almost everything here is synthetic and wearable for everyone - explained Snow .
- Wow , everything is beautiful , it makes me feel like I am suspended in a dream or fairytale .
- Do you want to wear one ?
-Yes , just wait . In a fraction of a second , you will be ready .
When I am running , I feel relaxed .
Moreover , when I am running , I can think through a lot of things about myself or how to solve some of the problems of daily life .
In the past , cars were only affordable for the upper classes , while for the middle class and lower there were not many choices for them besides walking and public transportation .
The first one is to save time .
As we know , public transportation is not a direct way to get to all our destinations and it forces us to stop at many stops first . Moreover we have to take another one to reach our destination , so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Secondly , public transportation is usually very crowded and makes us not feel safe , since there is an opportunity for us to be robbed .
For these reasons , it can not be doubted that people think a car is more comfortable to use rather than public transportation .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one . That makes the number of cars grow rapidly , but they do not think about the negative side effects that a car has .
Firstly , it leads to global warming , since the concentration of pollution is higher in many countries , and actually it is not only leading to but also making global warming faster and can also threaten our health .
Then roads are more crowded right now and there is so much traffic , so people waste more time on the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car disappear and the importance of public transportation is needed .
While in the statement it says that public transportation will be abandoned by many people , in my opinion , the opposite is true - that public transportation is our future .
It can be proved now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher . Besides , it is not as costly as using a car , and the quality of public transportation has improved , so citizens have no worries about using it .
There are n't any animals on the farm .
That is hardly surprising , it has been closed since 2005 .
Thought , but most people will not be members of the team who are alive .
And . And I do n't know if they will change their minds in the next fifty years .
But you need to understand the main idea .
In other words , some professors , when teaching different topics , explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
Sometimes it 's so difficult to say the same words for the students . I recommend reading different ideas .
In conclusion , it 's more important to learn the concept than to say something stupid ....
I have one sister who is ten years old and one brother who is five years old .
One of the best places I have ever visited is Leksand , in Dalarna .
Three words that describe me are : sporty , friendly and happy .
One of my favourite books is Diary of a Wimpy Kid .
My favourite subjects at school are mathematics , geography , and , of course , English .
With the first problem , you should organise the timetable in order to have one class at a time .
And the solution to the second problem is that you should do maintenance once a year .
I am excited about the idea of being with and interviewing other students from different parts of the world .
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics in the first quarter of the year were 500 and they increased to 620 in the second quarter . In the third quarter , sales stayed at 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 . As you can see , sales were very unstable .
I just want to express what I think is painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of being away and seeing your closest person has departed is the most painful feeling ever .
Life at university involves a lot of difficult and interesting things .
Now that I live at university , my life has changed a lot .
In addition , my major is English , so teachers teach and explain in English , and I could n't keep up with lessons well at first .
I was very unsure of myself and I could n't make friends well , so I think that it was too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
I always try to find out reasons , which takes a lot of time .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills , such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking . They help me to keep up with my teacher ' s lessons .
Secondly , studying at university , I have to live a long way from home , which makes me homesick , sad , and worried . I have to live in a dormitory with many strange people . They 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes . I have to spend a lot of time finishing everything before I start studying .
When I first lived here , I used to call my family and complain about life here .
However , university life has many conveniences .
Sometimes , I nearly ran out of money and I was really worried , so I have to spend money sensibly .
Because my family always did everything for me when I lived with them , it 's very difficult to be independent .
In addition , I can be confident because teachers require everybody in class to stand in front of the class and speak English .
Learning new lessons from society .
While I am jogging , I can think about all the daily things in my life .
On one day I might go alone , so I can calm down or think things through .
You have to consider this and go jogging tomorrow .
It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer in her office to go back home .
Suddenly , Agatha sees , through the windows , a 30-year - old man . He 's tall and is wearing 19th century clothes . He is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
He had come to Agatha 's investigation office to ask her to look into some murders had that happened recently .
After the agreement , Agatha goes back home and immediately calls her friend Michael to tell him to come to her house .
Accompanied by Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents she has found .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficient clues to identify the guilty party .
Irritated , John understands Agatha 's difficulties and , before going away , he calls Agatha without Michael to tell her another important thing .
We had had lunch , so we started a little walk .
Volleyball is a discipline which I have been practising for 6 years .
This museum houses the historical collection of the Spanish royal family from many centuries ago to the present time .
The public transport is slow and has got a lot of people .
I prefer walking , because the bus , helicopter , and metro are very polluting .
He tried to switch it on again and again , but the machine did n't work .
Suddenly , a man in black told us that we should plug the machine into the electricity .
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " You can also do so " . Today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for children 's birthdays , and Sofia will tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
While I was ringing the bell , the neighbour 's dog started to bark .
I stood in front of the door for forty minutes and I rang again and again .
I had called Michael that morning and I told him that I would go to his house that evening .
I would expect that he was waiting for me .
I looked through the windows and I could see a suspicious shadow .
I thought he might be Michael and I started to shout his name .
There are many sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I liked it when I was young .
Because I did n't know how to use it .
And now , if one day I do n't have any practice , I feel bored .
As you know , doing sports gives us many benefits . You can join a club and have more friends .
Moreover , if you have good ability , you can compete in a competition to try your best . I am a member of a Badminton club in the city . If you 're interested in badminton , come and enjoy yourself .
Everyone wears what he wants .
My nightmare journey took place in August 2011 .
My family and I were returning from a holiday that we spent at the seaside .
We saw the stadium , returned to the car and wanted to drive to Bydgoszcz .
Sadly our car broke down ... at a big and busy intersection !
This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and a motor , but the electronics in the car stopped working .
We did n't have a speedometer , blinkers and lights ; it was a very dangerous situation .
We stopped on the side of the road and looked for a solution .
We had to take a risk and went to the nearest market .
In the car park in front of this building a very nice and crazy old man helped us and charged the accumulator in our car .
This worked and we could return to driving .
We were very scared because the car could break down again at any moment .
Fortunately , we returned home healthy and happy but very very tired .
To pursue a career which is relevant to the field of Mechanics and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and I would love to have challenges and yearn for the sense of accomplishment .
Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where people can buy some natural vegetables or fruit which have been grown by local farmers .
-Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spend too much if you do n't need to .
If you look like a foreign person , local people could try to rip you off .
My town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment . They provide us with good buses , which are friends to the environment , and offer the tickets for these buses at a cheap price . They also try to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by recycling . Also , people try all the time to find the best way to keep our village clean ; they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens . They also take care of the fuel in their cars to not be bad for the environment . So , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment alongside the government .
Secondly , loneliness can be a big problem when a person leaves their own country , going away from family members and close friends .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which are held by students of the same nationality , so that they may not feel lonely . At the same time , they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australian culture , in order to fit in quickly .
I 'm studying teaching at college because I want to be a teacher .
When I finish my studies I will spend long hours with children .
My best skills are dealing with people as well as being able to do two things at the same time .
I have been thinking about some ideas to help you to organize some sports or evening activities .
For instance , we could go swimming at the beach .
In addition , we could play outdoor games and they could do landscape painting .
If you have more questions about me , I 'd be glad to answer them .
If you give me a chance I will be very pleased .
Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I would appreciate it a lot if you sent me this information .
Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and the rest are batsmen and bowlers .
Test cricket is an old format and I love this format as it really tests the players ' skills and only the best player can achieve success in this format .
But as this takes 5 days , many people do n't have time to watch this game and its losing its popularity with the younger generation .
Its popularity has spread all over the world too .
There are many reasons behind it being popular .
People who are eager to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :
3 . During his playing time , he must give his full concentration .
It may be difficult for you .
We think it 's important to respect meal manners .
When you feel really weak .
This is because , when I was young , my parents fed it to me every summer season .
I think that for people who want to learn English Write and Improve is great !
There is no doubt that man 's lives have evolved .
To my mind , our lives have been improved in these years by smartphones , satnav , digital TV , the Internet ..
Let 's imagine a twenty - first century teenager in the Middle Ages . do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
First of all , in the next 50 years people 's lives wo n't resemble at all this .
As far as I 'm concerned , we will be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft . In addition , globalization will destroy the cultural traditions of each country .
On the one hand , I 'm for progress . On the other hand , I hope that the new will not destroy the old .
Often , evolution is a return to origins , but I hope that man in the coming years will not forget the past .
Apart from that , I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that take me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robots instead of waiters in a restaurant .
I can not agree with the statement that there is " no future for public transport " given that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
That 's because pollution has now reached critical levels and that 's why we must get it under control and solve it .
We already know that a great part of the pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of the transport that invades cities worldwide .
In addition , what about domestic waste , which is our reality ? We should all learn to manage our waste , because each of us , in our own small way , is a great threat to the environment .
In conclusion , I think it is never too late to save our wonderful world .
Well , in my hometown there are about a little more than half a million people .
When you have the skill to read a book and , in that moment , you are searching for a good job , you can find a lot of jobs because you can develop easily when you compare yourself with another person who has been searching for a job too
My favourite restaurant is in Modugno .
It 's located in a quiet street , so the restaurant is often very relaxing , especially between 8 and 9 pm .
The restaurant looks very elegant and traditional .
Despite this , the restaurant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hung up on the walls .
She finally felt that she was wanted , that she could do anything she wanted , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
The thoughts which people put in her mind were completely wrong . She ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , brought her to the point that they made her hate herself .
The words they said to her were deadly ones , they colored her life black . till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do it like them all as she just hated the way
That was me . I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't a big deal to me . I hated being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that . I knew that I was clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks , but they all did n't get that . They judged me for my marks , but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks are n't the only way that makes you great now or in the future .
Whatever . In high school , the senior year here in our country identifies your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working for its knowledge , so I got that I should do my best this year so my future would be better . And it happened . I showed them all that I can do whatever I want , even if the things I was n't like they see me , and that all my previous marks were n't my best . I got a high score and entered The faculty of Engineering , which was the top college .
Your thoughts are the only ones that will make the difference , so take care only of them and believe in yourself so you can achieve the prestige you 're looking for .
I would like to play with the children , to do sport and dance with them .
I love cooking .
I hope that we can work together .
I promise that if I go to the camps , we will have a good time and we will laugh a lot .
On our earth , hundreds of millions of people live .
Apart from us . there is also a large amount of wildlife .
However , we forget the one important thing : the earth belongs to all life .
Our flats and houses make the other animals lose their homes , and it leads to environmental deterioration .
We make the transport easy . However , we take away other animal s ' lives through carelessness .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM IS BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUDY MEDICINE IN RUSSIA . HE LIVED THERE FOR 7 YEARS .
MY PARENTS AND I FEEL PROUD OF HIM .
I live in Taiwan , Taichung .
How does the area take care of the environment ?
It builds a lot of facilities for residents .
People probably destroy those bikes , and cause bikes to become less and less .
Taichung has plenty of trees in the park .
I would really enjoy doing this job in the summer , because I love to look after children , teach them things and do sport with them .
I also would like to do this because I have always wanted to visit the United States and I love sport .
I can work really hard if it 's needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am a suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and looking after children .
It 's quite a strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and great - grandfather had travelled in time .
After he knew the truth , he moved to London for his job .
After they married , he and his family faced a difficult situation .
Just enjoy your life day by day , and be thankful for an ordinary day . "
I 'm sure you would like this movie .
This school is located in Marin , which is in northern Spain near Pontevedra .
And it was established in 1943 . Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine corps .
In the engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which help us to easily understand about subjects such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
And there is a lot of equipment for the navy cadets .
For example , the planetarium in a navigation room for learning about the position of stars , four small boats used to practice leadership and navigation in the Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for creating situations which seldom arise .
To sum up , the Spanish military academy has a lot of equipment for teaching future officers .
It gives me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in my future career .
A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer to use their own car to go to work , school , or whatever .
Some people have their own car , but prefer to use public transport .
I know a good restaurant . Its name is " Moonlight " . It is located in Abbas elakad St.
It offers many kinds of delicious foods , like meat , chicken , seafood , and if you want something different , you will find it there . It is suitable for my class because it is different from any other restaurant .
One of the most famous buildings is the Churruca Earl Palace , which has a medieval tower with battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city do not have them because the Muslims took them out ) .
It is also important because , during the Civil War , General Franco lived there for a week .
But there are a variety of techniques which help to tackle these kinds of problems .
The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of puns as a stylistic feature and how puns are transferred from one language into another .
As an extension of this , I will evaluate whether the effect of the pun in the original version is maintained in the dubbed version .
Every morning , a special truck cleans the roads and pavements .
My brother went to the NBA league and saw the Arenas vs Orlando match . And now I am going to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends over .
The car is a more comfortable mode of transport than public transport , but it is not sustainable , its cost is higher , and if all people travel by car , the cities will be very polluted .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because public transport usually has its own lane , while if you use a car , you take more time because there is a lot of traffic in your lane .
Another mode of transport that could be commonly used in the future is the bike . This mode of transport is cheap and ecological . Also , more and more the cities are building a lot of bike lanes , so it is a good alternative .
People do n't need to wait for public transport if they are driving their own cars .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
I have played this sport since I was a child , and today I still love it .
The dream of every person that plays this sport , is to make it a profession as well as a hobby , but very few people make it .
Nowadays , I play football twice a week , on Monday and Friday , because for me it has remained a hobby .
Trust me , I 'm right .
I am glad to tell you that I am able to come on February 16th at 10:00am . I would appreciate it if you could reserve a parking space for me .
If any tourist decides to visit the Pyramids , he / she should enjoy riding a camel , horse or buggy .
Also , taking some pictures will be a great idea .
The pyramids are famous because of the way they were built . It was a great job by the Egyptians .
First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen to parents . For example , they do homework , go to sleep at regular hours and come back home after school .
This is a time when parents can create behaviour of their children , because when they grow up , they begin to rebel and do things which are good in their opinion .
Secondly , other factors have an impact on the behaviour of older children like teenagers , it is not only their parents but other people , who surround them .
It is a time when children must choose which people are good or bad , and which way they will go in a difficult situation . For example , will they drink alcohol or will they have fun without any stimulants ?
If they choose bad , they could begin to stop doing things which were important to them in previous periods in their lives .
In summary , I would like to point out that the most impact for young people have their own , because life is a time when people only choose .
Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decisions must be taken by their children .
The existing Great Wall was mainly built in the 15th century of Ming . The Great Wall has a total length of 8851.8 kilometres .
The next day , Tuesday , it was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates meant it was so much easier .
What is difficult is that teachers have already given us all the homework for the week .
So , every day I am kept awake .
My dad told me to do my best and if this semester goes well for me , my dad will give me a tablet , because I really need one .
Every second , every day , every week , every year , life goes on and humans discover a new thing .
Scientists try to make people 's lives easier , but that 's harmful for people 's health because that makes people not move and get more fat .
Michael went into the teacher 's office , but he found that his teacher was n't there . Maybe the teacher had gone to the bathroom . Suddenly , the door was opened by a teacher , a teacher who was wearing a bikini came into sight . This incident came as quite a surprise to Michael . She flirted with Michael . Michael felt excited but ran out of the office , but he regretted his action . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I worked at a local cinema last summer .
I would like to tell you about this experience and how much I enjoyed working in there .
As you know , my hobby is going to the movies , so you can image how happy I was when I got this job .
I was responsible for selling the movie tickets and having a good time .
I would like to have this job and I think I would be suitable for it .
I have all the needed traits for this job : knowledge of cooking , politeness and diligence at work .
When he looked into the water , he found a little ill frog .
Then he saw a woman starting to jump over the enclosure !
Peter thought that he must do something quickly to prevent her from committing suicide .
Finally , the life of the woman was saved by the police and the police thanked Peter for helping them .
The skills he has are wonderful . He knows everything about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with his back !
This book got me interested and I began reading more and more . The more I read , the more I loved it . At this time nothing mattered to me . I wanted to finish the book as soon as possible . I do not know the end , but I wanted the end of the book to be amazing , but at the same time , I did not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
That was the reason I did not finish the book .
Today we can try to imagine how our lives might change in the next 50 years , if they will be better or worse .
In my opinion , everyone 's life will see a great improvement , from the economic point of view , but also from the social and cultural one .
It is known that in the future there will come a day when any kind of unrenewable resource will run out .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , such as electricity generated by the light of the sun 's rays .
Or in addition , we could use the energy generated by the environment , such as the wind or inorganic waste .
To sum up , I think that we should expect a great future in which man will regain possession of his whole capability and , thanks to that , he will change everyone 's lives for the better .
Today I was at the university learning new things .
Pedro is a good friend , he loves to read books and he works with your mother .
There are 6 people in my house .
I grew up in Machachi .
I 'd like to give you some advice about how to start playing this sport .
In my opinion , it 's useful for playing football .
You do n't need to worry about timetables .
But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons causing global warming and air pollution .
Car companies try to spread electric cars , but it seems to take a long time .
And some people have already switched to using public transport like trains or buses .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel for long journeys on trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them is totally different from that from cars .
The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was kept in a museum in Conecticut where she is visited by a priest who blesses her twice a month .
Unfortunatelly , in a horrible night , the couple 's house is invaded by a Satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
Everyone is terrified and finds out that a demon is attached to the doll .
The aim of this report is to highlight how the citizens take care of the environment , in order to give suggestions to keep this area clean .
In the matter of that , information concerning what people do , or could do , is going to be shown .
If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , followed these ideas , this city would definitely be cleaner .
Unfortunately , deeper problems are linked to the difficulty that all the inhabitants have respecting those principles .
Some think that volunteers should involve careless people in many projects to keep their city attractive and marvelous .
It is proven that being part of a project always makes people feel useful .
The government can improve public transport by making a great investment like changing the old vehicles for new and increasing the number of buses , trains and building more bus stops and trains stations . This kind of action will help a lot to improve the quality of public transport for the population and will make the life of the people easier .
However , if this situation does not change and if our government do not take providence about this important issue , it will be the end of transport public and it will be more convenient to use a car .
I am writing this letter because we need to improve the school gym .
The gym has many problems that we are going to describe :
For the first problem , in my opinion , the school should buy some other apparatus , because there are not enough for all of the students ,
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which is published by the WATC ; the " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have a collaboration with Environment and Development , a magazine which is published by the Center for development work " Maan " , and other websites and news and media organizations .
The world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind . As a consequence , it caused global warming , which is the most important global problem . It does n't matter to more than three quarters of the world 's population .
Currently , we have got more than six different types of banks on our streets , but as far as I know , it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because , nowadays , we produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we only learn about this in our home , in our childhood . Accordingly , I am one of the few teenagers in the world worried about it , so I really do help the environment as far as I can .
First of all , at home we recycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank , I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
Nowadays , I see bins everywhere and even a small child of 3 being taught to put unwanted materials in the bin .
It is truly an amazing experience and how much progress my small village has made in 2 years .
In spite of throwing rubbish in a bin , we also do some harm to the environment unknowingly .
Then , I suppose that in every country much more renewable energy will be used instead of nuclear energy to ensure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric cars to reduce the atmospheric pollution .
People 's lives will be changed even by policy and the economy .
I think that public transport has a future . Indeed , travelling in a car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
But there 's a thing . No one has enough money to buy a car or maybe two . That 's why there are a lot of people who prefer public transport .
Perhaps in the future public transport could be more comfortable for the rest of the people who do n't have a car .
This has some advantages , such as it being more comfortable and faster .
On the other hand , private transport is damaging for the planet and we must take care of the planet . We can help to prevent the pollution of the environment if we take public transport , which does n't pollute .
At the moment , there is more than one car per person . That is a problem for me because people do n't take care the of environment .
In conclusion , using public transport causes less damage to the environment and most people prefer .
He performs in many interesting movies and operas .
I think he deserves to be famous because he is a very talented person .
Now he has founded his own company .
One of his interesting films is about a musician , and it was popular between 1980 and 2000 .
The immense possibilities of life give us the opportunity to explore life but sometimes it leads to threats and dangers to our life .
It is not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses , cars etc .
But we still sell it not buy it .
A number of countries give attention and provide secure life for their citizens , but our country is still under - insured .
To inform people by running awareness campaigns .
It gives competition to national companies . By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders . People can always buy a nominal premium we should inform them about the types of insurance as well as the benefits of insurance .
I love soccer because when I was child my brothers took me with them to the club and I enjoyed it when I watched them .
Moreover , soccer helps the human body to be very healthy , because when someone plays soccer , his body becomes strong .
I would like to say to anyone who wants to play soccer to be very careful when he plays it , because it can cause a lot of injuries . But at the same time , it is a very nice game .
Recently , I read four great books about Shoah . They were very interesting . My favourite was : " The Book Thief " . I read it for school , but I had already seen the film of this book .
The reason he asked me to go to Balla was because Noman would feel lonely there as Badhon and her mother were not going .
I was hesitant but later decided to go .
Actually , I did n't have enough courage to say no to my father .
We had been told earlier that Abul kaka had got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from the office . Nonetheless , the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .
It stalled in the road several times while we were on the way there .
Because I was so sure Abul kaka and Noman would prefer Aricha highway rather than the Singair road .
As I was a kid I fell asleep sometimes .
Noman took the front seat .
When the car stopped to get oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go onto the very back seats of the jeep .
I thought I should n't go because those benches were disgraceful for me .
I felt like I was being deprived by my family .
I find it very painful when my parents do it to me .
It gave the impression that only going and coming back in a big car was the main purpose of the trip .
In this season I like to see the sun shine .
When he talks he makes many mistakes because of his over - talking habit .
I fell asleep as soon as we crossed Jhitka bazar and when I woke up , we had crossed Tora Bridge .
When we talked to our seniors , I think I had to control myself though they talked about unreal things .
For example , if you are in a hurry and want to reach the place you are heading to , you can drive as fast as possible .
You wo n't suffer anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bus most of the time , like no room for you to sit , bad smells people can make , or getting bothering or bushing .
But , on the other hand , because , recently , the traffic has been terrifically unbearable : so many cars ; very noisy ; unclean air produced , public transport has become better for saving the planet .
All over the world , people always need advice to keep looking after their environments . First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean . Second , they should run awareness campaigns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helps workers to recycle it easily . Finally , to stay healthy , we need a healthy environment .
I went there and signed up .
Krav maga teaches us how to handle ourselves in difficult situations .
I think it was the most exciting holiday I 've ever had and my favourite too .
It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema for my class and see a film about what I had studied in the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writers .
Watching the film , we had the possibility to see the characteristics of Boccaccio 's main characters and the different places where the stories took place .
The registers of the film said that they wanted to create a film without time , and they were able to do this .
The scenery in the film , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I recommend this film to all of my friends .
When it comes to change , we can think of what in our lives is still inconvenient and could probably change .
Most of the work will probably be done by machines . People who lack academic qualifications might find it very hard to get a job . Knowledge might be in demand if people live in the future .
The relationships between countries are also significant , as we can see discord between countries , hoping that it will not lead to war .
Television entertains as well as educates people .
Televison not only provides entertainment , it will also give lots of information about the events around the globe .
When Michael woke up that morning he smelled a strange smell in the air . He did not know what what the source of that strange smell was but , in his nose , he received a kind of sign something bad had happened .
Very quickly he got up and tried to put that sensation out of his head , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?
He started to watch the kids running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple from yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
With a great effort , he sat down on the grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chest , sitting there with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . When he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend was there dying on the floor . Michael remembered everything : the fight , the lies , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Diabetes is an increase of glucose in the blood , There are two types , first Diabetes Type 1 which is present in children , the patient needs insulin every day . Also , this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulin released by the person 's immune system .
Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults ; the insulin is generated but it does not work in the body , so the amounts of glucose are stored in the body .
My view is that public transport is good because it has prevented pollution , which is good for the public .
Many people think travelling by car is more comfortable for them .
If they planned to travel by public transport , people would walk to the bus stop and get off the bus and walk for necessary thing .
If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message , it would be a great favour to me .
I am writing to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the world ;
If you want to start this sport , find a friend that can teach you the basic movements and how to pass and shoot ,
then practice does the rest .
I had the best friend when I was a student at high school .
The first year of university , I revealed my love to him .
I did n't call , send messages or meet him .
From September 11 to September 14 , I did nothing besides watch TV , take care of my little sister Ellie and chat with my friends .
During the rest of that boring week , I did a 1000-piece puzzle .
After the exams finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week since I had watched them due to the exam week .
From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired from the exam , so I spent all day lying on the sofa doing nothing apart from watching the TV and chatting with my friends .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV , and suddenly , my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to do my Paris puzzle with my sister , which had been less than half done for about one year , but it had too much color in the sky , so I did n't finished it a year ago .
We began to do it again and it took us the whole week to finish it .
While doing the puzzle , I decided to count how many pieces were left . After counting them , I realized that five pieces were missing .
After arriving at the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to ride bicycles for one hour .
I was hoping that my father could teach me to drive the car , but it was not possible because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me to drive .
The best thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris puzzle and go to Amador with my family and have a good time with them .
My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was a child were different .
Vesuvius - this is the volcano 's name - covered it with a lot of ash so that walls , houses , food , clothes , bodies of citizens were preserved as they were .
People who live there know the convenient public transport system called MRT ; it 's fast , cheaper and you do n't have to find a parking space .
But , if you live in the country , a car may be essential , because it will cost so much money to buy the tickets if the family is large .
If any problems arise , i I go to my parents and tell them the problem , and they solve the problem .
There are my role models . Sometimes we go to the tour programs , it programs . Those are very happy moments .
Mom makes the special foods for festivals .
Steve Ramsay works for the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and lives in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
After that , Steve becomes an America captain to protect the world again .
Besides being excellent exercise , it is also the most comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God with each step in the morning .
I wake up at 5 o'clock in the morning .
I consider this to be the best time to do sport , taking into account that the pollution is down at that time .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lungs perceive and breathe all the smells of the flowers , and the land . First , I walk slowly , and then I begin to walk as fast as possible to improve my fitness and I end up walking 5 turns around the park .
What I really enjoy is lying on the grass .
Doing so , I begin my daily routine , I come back home , have my breakfast , followed by lunch , because I have to get to work at 9 o'clock .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each person , and doing it each morning improves our health and takes away all the bad from our body .
First , the graph showed an upward trend for the ice cream van and , in 2014,it had the largest percentage of sales at nearly 5500 dollars from Jul - Sep .
No matter what year , its lowest level was always in Jan - Mar .
We can see from the diagram , the highest peak in the graph has increased year by year , as the low as .
Second , for the indoor swimming pool , it generally appears to be wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible for it to fall sharply .
But I think that public transport is the future . We need to preserve the environment , this is an imperative for our world , and the solution is to take the point that the governments invest more in public transport , so people do n't need to get a car to be able to have a job and do n't need it for the normal development of their lives .
Also , we have to promote people getting jobs close to their accommodation or getting accommodation close to their jobs , because we have too much pollution . And we could reward companies that hire staff close to the place of work , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , and we could reward people that change their accommodation to live near to their job or for going there by bicycle .
Maybe this sounds a bit crazy , but any solution will be good , we must only make our minds up to be able to look across .
The sun shines brightly , the snow melted in the March .
Birds have returned from warm countries .
In March , we set forward our watches an hour .
We put our watches back an hour in October .
It pleases some people because they will be able to sleep an hour more .
As soon as I have sat all my exams , I will travel .
I haven't decided as yet where I will spend the summer .
It has become a big problem now .
Well , I do martial arts .
I suppose I would have to say that , in Japan , Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
I have to start saying that I never imagined swimming as my favorite sport , because until my back injury , I did other sports . I mostly like extreme sports like downhill skiing , skateboarding , martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but because of my injury I had to start swimming and now I love it .
The reason why I enjoy this sport is because I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I have read it is the most complete sport because you work the whole body .
If you want to start swimming , I think you should look for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you need one , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not in practice and know your swimming style is not the best , I recommend professional assistance .
More time that you do n't have that assistance , it is going to be more difficult to improve your style and enjoy swimming more , because if you really know how to swim you will have more resistance in the water .
I think that may be the reason she had Sleep Paralysis last night .
She was not even able to lift a single finger tip , as if she had been turned into a stone statue .
She reproached me for not waking her up despite the fact that she had been calling me so eagerly .
Often they explain and describe the scene in detail like a cup on the table , friends who are watching TV beside them , a room light and so on .
- feel drowning down when they are about to fall asleep ( so they know it will happen ) .
I am in the third year at university , I do n't know what the Master 's will be that I am going to do , but I want a Master 's related to programming .
I have many difficulties with programming , but I think that if I work hard I can overcome my difficulties .
In the last few days , I and my group did some experiments for our project .
Next week we are going to prepare some equipment to solve this problem .
I want to write a review of my book about Nigeria and read another book about robots and their mechanisms .
I am going to try to read these books to improve my English , because in the future I intend to take the first certificate .
This is very important for me because when I work for a company I will need a certificate ! ! !
How are you ? I have just received your letter .
In the first place , I think that you must look on the internet . You will see different cities of this country and you can choose the best .
Barcelona is big and there is a lot of industry , so there are a lot of jobs .
On the other hand , people are friendly , as you know , because you know some Spanish people .
It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to go back to his country .
I 'm so glad you are coming to my country . I 'll give you some suggestions , hoping that you can have a wonderful summer vacation !
It not only offers a high salary , but also , the employees there are kind .
You should be able to have a great experience .
When it comes to travelling , you must not miss the night markets .
Moreover , once you have a bite on a sausage , you will fall in love with it .
Hope you will have a good time .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
It was half past seven and his class had begun fifteen minutes ago .
He already knew that he was late , but he could not go now , so he decided to deceive his mother .
She was very angry and she could not believe that her son had done that .
After that , Peter did not hang out for three months , so he could learn his lesson . You must not lie to or deceive your mother .
I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life , because not all people have the possibility to buy a car , and because public transport is less expensive than a car . So for that reason , public transport in the future could exist , because public transport is a necessity all over the world , not only because of money , but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
The section was big and it presented a lot of information in a scientific manner , some sections had complete information while others had not .
How to be good debaters .
The result depends on : confidence , volume of the voice , body posture and audience .
The main idea is to keep the body , take the mind .
An important deal , is never to quit .
Peter had just got out of school and he realized that he was late for his weekly guitar lesson .
But before the lesson , he had to have lunch with his family and take the dog to the vet 's for his annual vaccine .
Peter had a quick lunch in ten minutes , spent another two minutes finding the bike and putting the dog in the basket ; at the vet 's surgery , three people were waiting , so Peter was forced to wait .
After an hour , the dog was vaccinated and taken home , but his mother needed a bottle of milk .
Unfortunately , Anne , his sister , had just taken the bike , so he was forced to walk to the nearest supermarket .
Peter 's mother needed a special kind of milk without lactose , and the market near home did n't have it .
So Peter had to make a choice : going to the lesson or waiting for his father to get home to get the milk with the car ?
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter had a bit of luck . In fact , his father , Jack , had just come back from work , so he could go to get the milk and giving him a lift .
With a little delay , Peter made it !
Sometimes , I feel so stupid because I really ca n't speak in front of the public .
I love writing but I am not confident about my grammar .
I make many mistakes in every story I write . I use the wrong tense .
because I love using this word .
As the population grows , you will see an increasing problem .
They cause pollution .
Sport is an activity that helps people be in an optimal physical condition .
I advise all people that want to start this sport to begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
Working in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about business , management , economics , sales , engineering , technical support and other skills .
You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaction . However , it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work .
hope you are fine . Please know that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
Military service is when people are forced by the government to be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
There are many countries where people have to do military service when they reach 18 , such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
As this topic , one of the reasons why everyone should not have to complete military service is because of freedom of choice .
Some people may think it is a human right that we let people choose if they want to join the military .
So some counties do not force people to join the military .
If people do military service when they are just 18 , they may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who works in the military may request the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
People should not complain about anything even if they seem to be right .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience , especially young people ; they are likely to become more independent people .
To conclude , there are reasons to effect by people should or should not have to do military service .
However , the effects may be different , depending on the duration .
The museum and the art gallery are located in the capital city .
They have some paintings by Leonardo da Vinci which really impress me .
My favourite part was listening to a guide introduce us to painting .
I ca n't wait to get back home and tell you more about the trip .
In my country , you can make a lot of effort to take care of the environment , but the bad attitude of our people is a big problem .
That is because we do n't take interest in the problems of others .
People put their rubbish in bags and throw them away near their houses .
If everyone demonstrated a better attitude , it would be possible to improve our environment .
This fact allows young people to do exercise and enjoy themselves at the same time .
Team sports also help to meet other people and make new friends .
My main reason for loving it is how you feel when you play a match and , in the end , your team win .
Also , I have met great friends who play basketball .
Every sport focuses on some parts of the body , but basketball is the most complete sport .
It is true that basketball requires a lot of physical activity , but a good mental attitude is very important .
If it happens , you must continue doing the best you can .
To achieve this , I recommend doing exercise three times a week and following a healthy diet .
However , here you are completely different , made of life lessons , preferring to keep a stiff upper lip , cowering in your own reality .
Education does n't depend on current affairs or related concepts .
Television helps us to find the fields that interest us , like music , sports , movies or nature .
TV was and is seen as entertainment , but have you ever questioned whether it is more than just entertainment ?
Now that is an interesting question . We can watch anything from news to Catfish the TV show . In the name of entertainment , we are actually learning .
TV stimulates two learning styles , which are visual and auditory .
Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn . Others may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning , e.g. we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert aired on TV .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come across otherwise . For example , I have been able to learn that the new BMW seven series , has ambient lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving .
From 1966 - 1967 huge changes took place .
Every music expresses different feelings .
Then music changed to multimedia .
In my opinion , driving at high speed on the long straight could cause overheating of the cars ' engines and they can blow up .
The rugged kerbs could cause the suspension to crack .
The falling leaves could block a driver 's view and block up the radiators .
I think cutting down the trees which are around the circuit and undercutting kerbs could reduce danger and technical problems on the track and we should reduce the long straights .
Addiction to authoritative nature over other leads to the huge production of war weapons , converting the blessing nature of science into critics .
Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it is not without criticism in different areas .
Very often , it has been criticized for changing indigenous cultures through so - called luxurious development that is contradictory to religious faith .
In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners send the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , it is immediately replaced with a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
Three times a week , garbage trucks come to empty them , and once a week a garbage collector comes to clean up the streets .
Travelling using any form of transport has become one of our needs . In the past , people used to spend hours waiting for public transport . Now , we can afford any of those modern cars at the dealership .
The main problem is bad service . For example , the drivers are not careful enough when driving , and that might be unsafe for passengers .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children to do physical activity . That is the first step to doing exercise , then competing in sports will encourage competitors to make an extra effort .
Young children try to make an effort , and want to win at this age , and if they train , the results are better and that encourages them to keep training .
In psychic way , if you are adapated form relationships and make new friends .
In the future , adults that are able to obtain more achievements and be more responsible , and you can have a good social life if you compete in or do sports .
Finally , I think that competing in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when it is controlled there are some benefits that help you in your whole life .
For upcoming enhancement , I would like to inform you that there are no longer any public transportation services since travel by car is more convenient .
Even though the shops are not large , there are remarkable goods . For example , nice running shoes or valuable books .
All in all , the shops have a variety of goods which could attract many tourists .
If you have a small child , you can visit toy shops , which offer many cars and helicopters .
To sum up , I think our town offers many interesting shops .
Moreover , the goods are quite cheap .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and with time it has become part of American culture .
When one side is printed , they raise the images slightly to make the opposite side colored .
If the sheet is good or partially damaged , it can be packed and delivered by vehicles after being cut into separate notes .
Otherwise , the sheets and notes will be abandoned and destroyed in a fire .
The issue of whether there is no future for public transport is a topic that has caused an ongoing argument . In my essay , i intend to discuss contravening viewpoint in more depth .
Hi my name is Chai . I 'm from Thailand . I am trying to write an article to improve my writing skills and hope this program can help me .
My favorite way to travel is by plane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate waiting . In my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quickly , you do n't want to take a long time . And the plane is the best way of travelling in the world and is safer than other ways . You can see on the pollution of people who have had an accident , how often an accident happens by plane , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
Now let 's go back to those days when young people still watched television for entertainment .
Also , there were a lot of different channels that we chose from .
Those channels always contained a lot of new technology .
But I wo n't suggest that these are the only channels that can provide knowledge .
But , of course , there will be some channels that are not suitable for children under 18 or are just for adults .
All kinds of programs have something that you can think about , it just depends on how you look at it .
Yes , of course , but only when you look at it as a way you want to learn something .
I think that a complete sport is swimming for most people .
I really enjoy it because it gives me a lot of relaxation and it helps me to be toned and satisfied with myself .
I advise people to start this sport , because it is complete and makes your mind and body feel very good .
When I was fourteen years old , I won a championship because , in that period , I swam as a competitive athlete .
It was a real satisfaction and I was happy .
Nowadays , I 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thank them .
Your muscles become more efficient and toned and you get a lot of benefits for the body .
The aim of the report is to write about how our town takes care of the environment .
I did some research and these are my findings .
Now some scientists have suggested having warnings on some types of food and drink .
But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consuming harmful foodstuffs ?
On the one hand , I ca n't imagine that a little notice on the food can force people to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to take action to help the environment .
Nowadays , people are wasting water instead of saving it .
One basic solution for this is to try not to take a shower for so long but to take a shower with a bucket and for just a few minutes .
Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to play our part in dealing with this global problem .
There were Long and the writer ...
But one of them had died a little while ago and he was the one who protected the crown .
Paxton goes to the house of Williams Agers and finds the crown in the hill .
One day in the morning , Paxton was waiting for Long and the writer , but he heard that someone was calling him . Suddenly , he goes to the beach and is killed by the shadow .
Governments around the world have been talking a lot about the measures that should be taken to improve the quality of public transport .
No doubt travelling by car is quite a lot better than going by public bus .
Every day , work stressed me and by the end of my shift I was so tired .
The program I started at school was very tough for me , because of my slow English writing .
I will start with old vehicles . If we do n't do any maintenance , this type will be damaged and we will lose it .
In the future , every person will use his own car and there will be no need for public transport . This type of transport has a route and just takes you to specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
Of course , he did not think twice and went to print out his CV because the interview was that day . Then he took a shower and dressed for the occasion .
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just picked up his mobile , keys and money , but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting his CV .
There are soccer lessons . I have attended lessons .
But we could break our legs .
In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but I probably spend more time with my friends than my family . I know if I need something my family is always there .
Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me . I do n't know how she managed it , but she hurt me .
You need to discover who is your best friend . As you go through life , you will learn who is who .
grew up with me and now she is my sister too .
It 's on top of a big hill with difficult slopes to climb up because the most important property is that it is impregnable .
In the reconquest age the stronghold never fell to a direct assault . Finally the Castellan 's army , after a long siege , forced the government to surrender it .
These days , the castle has been restored and has a history museum . It also has a great hotel with four stars for tourists .
First of all , a boat travels on the sea and the sea is very beautiful .
For instance , when we travel on the sea , we can see many types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fishes .
All in all , travelling on the sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safe .
Have you ever been rafting ? Do you know how amazing it is to do this cool sport ? If you do n't know anything about it , it 's high time you did !
I had n't ever heard of doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , asked me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .
Therefore , we went to join a sports centre which had taken over organising this amazing outdoor activity .
Rafting lets you burn all your adrenaline while you try to get down a river in a mini - boat .
In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , though , be sunburnt .
Do not hesitate to take up rafting !
When I was child I lived in Tijuana .
When I was 4 years , old I went to live in Ensenada because my father worked there .
I used to live in assistent house . It was the first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I moved to an apartment with two friends .
Every weekend , I used to go to Ensenada to visit my family , my boyfriend and my friends .
To sum up , coming to live in Tijuana was a real challenge for me .
I do not regret what I did , because I am doing what I like .
Now I am so independent and I have learned how to live alone .
We have been friends since we started to talk , but our friendship has changed over time .
When we were 12 , we played in the garden with balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years old , everything changed . We did n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
Because of age changing us , we did n't see each other , but when we had grown up more , we met on the weekends and sometimes were upset about some problems that we had .
With time we became closer friends .
Now , we argue sometimes but we love each other because he always stay together in the good times to have a coffee or talk about our lives , but we also stay together in the bad times , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
In our opinion , globalization is a good thing that is happening to us , allowing us to interact with the whole world , so we can get to know cultures , monuments , etc .
It brings us a lot of opportunities to change and , in some cases , to get a better life in other countries and find a job with the highest salary .
However , we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person has to live on less than a dollar per day .
It was really brilliant , because I could see a lot of films for free and I met all the young people of my country .
In the morning , I walked around the cinema and the most important place in my country and I talked about the films that people could watch .
They asked a lot of questions and I very funny for this .
I could n't buy tickets for the films but I could give a lot of discounts to all my friends !
They paid me a lot of money and I was able to buy a lot of dresses , jeans , shoes , books and make - up .
I saw the new Disney film , " Inside out " and I ate a lot of popcorn !
I cried a lot in this film , but it was very important to me because I love Disney films .
First of all , this is a report that will explain how the city of Vancouver handles their rubbish .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called Go Green Vancouver that will protect the environment by separating the rubbish by containers . At the same time , there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provide 3 containers for each house ; one for paper one for bottles , and the last one for rubbish materials .
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programme from the government , such that if they cut the of every house by 50% , city halls will get more money from central government .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for speaking English . If you know grammar , you only know certain rules for writing , but I think that speaking is more important than writing , because when you go to any place in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you . In this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you wo n't understand anything . But here is another topic . Whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to understand what the person is trying to say .
It helps me keep healthy .
I can see a lot of scenery in a short time . I can buy goods along the road .
Buying a good bike is the first to do when you start to cycle .
It can prevent colds .
This sport is about catching the ball and scoring .
It is n't difficult and you can start to play .
Basketball is recognized by people all over the world .
If we want to have a good life , we must have good communication in our families .
This year I decided to start visiting a pool and swimming up to three times a week .
Now , when I swim in the open pool , I am overwhelmed by positive emotions .
Nowadays , the option of broadening the mind while traveling is very common .
Besides , you see new worlds and their ways of life and that helps to open your mind , to see the world in another way .
Many countries have truly started to be concerned about the environment and worried about globe warming . In schools , teachers are doing their best to educate children in how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy . Also , they teach them in how to plant trees in the public gardens of their towns .
Although the government strict so many laws and taxes on the people who do not pay their taxes to the council for removal of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world , people have started to use bicycles and cycle instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city . Also , they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
Once we stop using public transport , it is going to cause problems .
For example , if we completely rely on using cars it is going to increase the use of gasoline .
Apparently , it is going to cause more pollution and more global warming issues .
However , using cars makes life easier , but when everyone or every house owns at least three cars , it is too much .
Public transport is really important and it has a lot of advantages to help humanity .
In spite of the cost of these facilities , it is going to be expensive , but it is necessary .
I hope to see it around the world . Public transport is something we can not do without or replace with another thing .
Recommend to friends what country they should go to .
There is a lot of food all over the world .
but I think Italian restaurants are getting famous .
I went to Italy when I was 20 .
It attracts many fashionable people .
If you are a person who loves fashion , you will enjoy going there .
To sum up , this trip was the best experience we have had in our lives , because we made friends , visited a new country and we had a lot of fun .
I love horses and I do horse riding at Djursholms ridklubb .
I take care of a horse called Lady .
On the stage they move very well and know how to give pleasure to the public .
I feel wonderful and my promise is that when I have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .
Yesterday I watched Fast to Furious at the cinema .
While watching the film , I imagined if I was the fiancee of Adam .
You must watch it too , because your favorite actor is also in this film .
He is in a secondary role , but I am really sure you will have imagined as liar as me too .
The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " starring Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell .
This movie is based on racial humor .
Kevin Heart is in a difficult situation because he is nothing at all what this man expects him to be , but he plays the role anyway .
I am very excited about seeing Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell 's characters come together .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited about seeing this movie and , even if you 're not , the movie is a must - see .
I am not used to cooking for this number of people , but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be a great help to you this summer .
I checked connections between Warsaw and Berlin and she will be at Berlin Ostbf station at 11.10 .
To put it simply , the new generation has decided to take their driving licence and I have seen this around me , with my colleagues , my friends , my family .
It 's just a question of time until everybody has a car .
This affirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car . It is more practical and faster .
Every year the price of public transport goes up .
I am part of the new generation who in the future will use cars and the public transport will disappear .
Varese has many attractions among which there is the lake , where I like to go .
My favourite place in the town is Estensi gardens , where I go walking with my friends in the afternoon .
He is proud ; it 's not a good way to be .
On Saturday they fought and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays , many accidents happen when people are driving their cars .
They travel around all over the world by plane .
From this point view , the decrease in business must be caused by other factors , but not skateboard users .
However , there are many reasons that can cause business to drop off .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza , which could not attract customers to walk into them , and they will have to be renovated .
Furthermore , the products for sale in the stores might not meet customers ' needs .
Those problems suggest that there is not sufficient security in Central Plaza .
Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immediately is the skateboard users taking over pedestrian walking space .
To solve this problem , the city should set up more space and facilities for skateboarding , and separate the different spaces for walking and skateboarding .
When my sisters are married they have one or two children at most . I think the Egyptian family has become smaller with the passage of time .
Firstly , cocaine damages your senses and your mind . If you take cocaine , you wo n't sleep that day .
Secondly , it 's so addictive , because the body needs more and more , so if you take cocaine , you will leave because you 'll be an addict .
Finally , the consequence of cocaine is death . If you inhale cocaine all the time or a lot , you will die prematurely .
Ultimately , public transport will be negligible in the future .
There are so many reasons that could affect the public transport system .
For example , lunchtime travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emissions of carbon mon oxide , which affects red blood cells and irritates the respiratory system . As a result , they prefer private transport systems to prevent such hazards .
Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because , if not , we will have legal problems .
We really enjoyed it !
We enjoyed swimming in the sea , sunbathing , having a barbecue and seeing the sunset .
For next time , we would like to invite you to our woodhouse .
The line which represents the indoor swimming pool remains fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500 , the period of every year from April to June and October to December has the highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sales are downwards overall .
The best season to sell ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst seasons for the indoor swimming pool .
One day many years ago in some place that a do n't remember the name of , I woke up one morning earlier than usual , then I went to the kitchen and shouted the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagined was that they had gone to town . Quickly , I went out to find them ...
But there was no one , absolutely no one . I was scared , I yelled and screamed , looked and looked , but I had no success .
Recently , when I was on YouTube , I saw a movie trailer . The film looked so good , and days later , my friends asked me if I wanted to go with them to the cinema , so I decided to go and , luckily , they had decided to see the film that I had seen days before .
The film is a romantic movie . It is about a man , Noa , who lives in a small seaside town , who falls in love with a rich girl . But like always , the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life , because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not good enough for their daughter .
And at the end of the summer , the girl leaves , but next year she comes again . But this time , she has a boyfriend and this breaks Noa 's heart .
What Noa does not know is that she was in love with him from the first time that she saw him .
I have been swimming since childhood . I enjoy myself while I am swimming .
Swimming develops all types of muscles .
My advice to anyone who starts swimming is to enjoy yourself while you swim .
With the rising prices for public transport in London , commuters are choosing to use their cars more and more .
Public transport was created to relieve the traffic in big town centres and also to facilitate workers ' commutes .
Tell me what happened at our first meeting ?
My first match was when I was in school .
My advice to anyone who wants to play this game , is that you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
He is really tall , he is 202 centimeters .
My history of basketball was very short .
I ca n't give you much advice , but one thing I know , team work is the most important thing in this game .
In the first place , my country 's politics are bad , and people have no work .
You must be a person in charge and a worker , and you will be able to find good work .
My family have a company , and if you want , you could work with them .
I will wait for your call .
Television plays an essential part in our life ; we turn it on nearly every day , since it can make life more interesting .
There are two points to prove it .
To sum up , television entertains ; it can also educate .
It 's a very nice restaurant which I like the most .
The invention of the car made people 's lives easier .
Though public transport is cheaper and one could get to know many people , and increase one 's network .
These days , houses are very different , but in the future houses will be
Different people will need different functions , options and functionality in the future house .
This will be like in ancient times , but in the past the houses were the same all round .
The film tells us the story of Monica ( Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine life on " Cretacro " , an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean . The problems start when Monica falls in love with Martin .
Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax , but he changed when he met Monica in the main restaurant .
After that , I go to English class 3 days a week .
In addition , I spend my free time doing Yoga or cooking good meals for my family .
I have all her collected works at home and I enjoy a lot having a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children 's books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals ; with Peter and all of them .
At home I have lots of books here and in my country , but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look in charity shops and at boot sales , because I can find lots of nice books and pay a very good price for them .
This Saturday , I started a new book by Francine River , the book is called The Warrior . I haven't finished the first chapter , but I find the book very good .
I have read other books by this writer and I really enjoyed them .
Nowadays , there are many modes of public transportation , such as underground , buses , etc . , but it is a reality that people prefer to travel by car .
Currently , traveling by car is more useful than public transport ; you can move around the city and reduce the time it takes . Sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of travelling is cheaper .
Teacher , I know travelling by car is the most convenient .
However , I think your opinion is similar to what our forebears thought , because for them , society was never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
It is difficult for us to imagine a world in which there are not cars like we are used to seeing .
Nevertheless , I believe that technology will make progress in the future .
Moreover , we still have a lot of things which we can and must improve , like security , comfort and economic resources .
On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation may be changed in 50 years .
Maybe we will invent flying cars or electric bikes .
The power of imagination makes him become a teacher : he has to show men how to understand their feelings and the nature that surrounds them .
I have no particular problem helping them , but I often have some doubts about suggesting a place to go shopping .
You have only to choose what is the best for you .
Hello , I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoys nature , travelling around the world , and having a lot of friends .
I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , and tell stories , because I like to talk to people , and I like kids .
I can speak English and I really enjoy doing so .
My town makes great efforts to take care of the environment . They have put many bins in the streets to keep it clean and they prevent private transport on many days to keep the air clean . They plant trees to absorb co2 and release oxygen , they build factories away from the houses of citizens to prevent the respiratory diseases which are a result of air pollution from factories . So , not only my country itself but also individuals follow a proper procedure to keep the environment clean .
At first , the police detectives thought one of the special gangs had stolen the painting .
Then , researchers found out that Pal Enger , the most famous art thief in Norway , was the person who had stolen the painting .
He only needed 50 seconds to steal the painting .
When he stole the painting he wrote a note saying : " thank you for your good security " and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to steal the painting .
3 months ago , he wanted 1 million dollars for the painting , but the Norwegian government said no .
Finally , the Norwegian police got the painting back thanks to a police investigation .
In my previous job , I was paid the compliment that
whenever there was a problem , I could notice it and could solve it quickly .
I can provide extraordinary service with a smile , even if I was in an unexpected situation .
We discuss a special topic about ‽time . This famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword ; if you do not cut it , it will cut you " .
Many people do n't care about wasting their time even when they are busy .
There are some people treat time like something of their own , they have the right to waste it and the right to look after it .
Imagine how you would live if you did n't have knowledge of the thing called ' time ' .
But this changed after my brother arranged with me to organize our time .
He would leave me at home or I had to pay him two riyals for every minute if I was late for him .
When I asked him to take me someplace , I can not count how many times I stayed at home because I was late .
I think that there is a future for public transport , because there are still people who can not afford to buy a car , even though travelling by car is much more convenient .
In the workplace I 'm a responsible person , I am never late .
I like to do sports activities and educational activities .
I like to prepare my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is quicker .
In terms of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrates the process of making them .
After sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it uses special ink , and prints colors on both sides , and images are slightly raised .
Finally , inspectors at the bank manually check all printing sheets and divide them into three categories : " bad sheets " are sent for disposal , where things are securely destroyed ; " Good quality sheets " will go for packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
However , sheets that are " partially damaged " will be inspected again and separated into good and bad sheets and sent for further actions .
The whole world gets together to support their favourite teams & the boys play it in the streets together .
I enjoy it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stadium & support my team with my flag & cheers .
I advise anyone who dreams of being a member of the most famous teams to work on himself a lot and play football a lot to be professional in this sport and show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
We work eight hours a day , so if we submerge in a bloody pond for a long time , we could definitely make ourselves frustrated .
In my own case , I work as a co - cook in a diner .
Although the heat in the kitchen can burn us , the smile on the customers ' faces gives us the best courage .
The better I can perform the more I can earn .
I want to tell you about the concert which I went to last month .
The people of my city are working to keep it clean .
They also have a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents accompany their grandchildren and a red deck painted with some dolls that say ,
When you have the desire to do something , something you always dreamt of achieving , something touches you inside not only when you do it , but also when you think about it .
You should calm down and get away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you a great man , and then you will find your passion .
Possibly , we will live in space or underground .
In the future , everything could change .
It could be painted with new colours .
It could have flowers .
A variety of negative impacts appear as a result of rapid urbanization .
Mountains of studies have demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control stormwater .
As you know , soccer is a sport which has many people in a team , so it requires us to unite and assist each other .
Most girls do n't like this . I think that it brings us energy , we need to do exercise , have a reasonable diet ... and so on .
Our mistakes make us better than before . If in life we did n't make any mistakes , we would n't succeed . That 's why mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistakes improve us .
I do agree television advertising directed toward young children should not be allowed for several reasons .
For instance , when I was three years old , I used to be captivated by all the toys which were presented in TV commercials just because of the way they were presented .
Secondly , I am also opposed to the allowance of this advertising because of the severe consequences it has on the parents ' and child 's relationships .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three - year - old kid - did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , not speaking to her for three weeks !
Finally , if the advertisements are still broadcast , it is essential some educational politics comes with them , valorizing and teaching kids about understanding their parents .
I 'm very talented at working with people .
So I think , it 's no problem for me to stay and work the whole day .
I did a one - week internship in a restaurant in my village .
There I saw how a venture like this works and you wo n't have to show me the whole job again .
By the way , I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and will come punctually every time .
I would like to be considered for work in your cafe during the weekends .
I am a twenty - year - old student currently studying to be a chef .
I have some experience in this kind of job as I worked in a restaurant for two years .
I am used to dealing with people and their orders to eat , and also , I am used to working long hours as I am studying while I am trying to get a job .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because there are not any dirty streets in it .
The governor of my city is seeking to develop it and he said it will be the capital of the delta actually in 30 years .
The people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy methods . The citizens collect the rubbish and throw it in big boxes far away from the city .
When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first day at school , and there he is captured by a man .
They finally meet and are happy again with a lot of good friends .
I fully understand why it is so difficult to decide which activity is more important for you .
As you know , I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I had to decide which of those activities is more important , then I would choose sport .
Sports activity also makes us feel more flexible and ready to face every day .
We are witnessing a great development in working from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .
By looking at the current situation of people 's lives , we can imagine the changes that could occur in the future .
If you play basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball court with a basketball , and try to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterize Spanish tourism research epistemologically through the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .
Public transport helps people to get to work on time and helps to reduce pollution .
Public transport also reduces the daily traffic .
Currently , I am in Syntagma square in Athens and it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting with other international volunteers here in an hour .
I had the pleasure of visiting Hotel Sparta in Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
I am getting in touch with you to inform you that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists from different places .
If there are any questions , do not hesitate to contact me .
Can we really confirm that there is no future for public transport ? If so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and going to the office , the city , or home and so on using private transport . However we should also think that in the centre there is no parking for cars or there is not enough for all private cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , simply because we are able to save money and time .
I like volleyball because it is part of my life and of the life of my mother . It is my favorite sport , but I like other sports too , same I do n't play volleyball because I 'm bad , and my friends that I know , do n't like people who are bad at volei .
I'm watch them playing . They 're really very good , but when they play other schools , they 're very bad .
But today , things are changing and technology plays a significant role in our lives . The automobile industry increased its vertical and having a car has become a necessity rather than a luxury .
I believe that as soon as the automobile industry develops new technology in cars , people will be more keen to use their own vehicle instead of public transport .
On the one hand , we could take a communication forum . It could share everyone 's thoughts .
All in all , if you were to do this , your parents would not blame you .
Wellness depends on three important factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .
The factor that we are talking about is sport .
Sport increases our physical performance .
Football is a simple sport where the players must kick the ball into the opponents ' goal . In this sport , you principally improve the leg muscles , but all your body moves .
Computers do things that humans ca n't , or that are very difficult or take too much time .
Humans are the best ! ! ! !
This confirms " The Exorcist " as a great film .
First and foremost , it can cause contamination of the environment , which can affect our health .
Through this comparison the author wants to show that the pagan spring festival may look like a celebration of Christian beliefs , but it is not .
Travelling by car is convenient , but for most people , public transport is very important and much needed .
Not all people can afford to make journeys by car . A car is easy and cozy also , but public transport is fair and is very affordable for all classes of people .
Public transport mainly means public bus . People used to travel long distances by public bus . It is possible to carry large numbers of people to different places by bus .
My name is Mustafa . I am 23 years old and I am a Student in collage . I have been looking for a job but I have n't found a job
I hope that my country becomes a great country and better , and I hope to get married to someone who I love .
Why do cultural differences sometimes cause the division of a country ?
Although I knew that there was some conflict between England and Scotland , the vote really shocked me .
He likes going out with friends and going to parties . Richard has got a tortoise called " Peny " .
I 'm so happy with these holidays . I hope I meet good people and visit beautiful places .
It influences customer behavior relating to banking services .
Compared with the past when we uses horses for transportation .
Did people have the same opinion that there was no future for transport , and we can only use horses ?
So I think there will be a future for public transportation , and this may be because of updated technologies .
When they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drink easily . She started feeling much better so they persuaded her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda at their house so she could get some rest and so she could eat more chicken soup , because they wanted Fernanda to feel better .
Daniela 's mom and her returned to the park , to continued picking up the trash from the grass .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived home at 11:00pm . It was dark and they would n't be able to see Fernanda . An that time the lights were turned off , and they tried to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
They went to sleep , and the next morning the light came on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting for them , so she got angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out of her room .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexing problem . So her mom told her that they came out of the park at 9:00pm . It was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because the police thought that she had a globe of wine , and her mother told the police that she did n't have alcohol or wine in her car , and the police did n't believe her and they took them to the police station so they could check her car , and after about 10 minutes , they told her that she did n't have anything . So they went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
When Fernanda came out of her room , she started looking in her mom 's wallet to see if she had anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was telling her any lies , and her mom told her that she promised that was n't a lie .
Here is some information about us .
We are a married couple , both 32 years old , living at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubünden .
I am originally from Ukraine and lived from 2009 till last year in Germany , and Juan is from Colombia , and has been in Switzerland for 3 years .
We 're looking for a nice new home , and so , we are very interested in keeping your place tidy and taking care of it as if it were our own .
Looking forward to hearing from you and wishing you a nice day .
A lot of people nowadays would take their own car , it 's easier and flexible .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? that 's because of people changing their minds . They started to like having their own way of travelling . Privacy is also an important reason . People need to have a private means of transportation .
I promised to learn math for the whole week .
I know I have to learn , but to start learning is n't easy .
I remember those years and I would like my children to practise it when they are older . It is an interesting sport .
If I were a football player , I would like to play in this team , but I think that it is very difficult , because only the best players get to do it .
Finally , I recommend this sport for children in order to have a healthy life , get together with their friends , and forget for alcohol and drugs for a while .
I love sports and I believe playing them is the best thing for having a good life .
I am here to write a composition about public transportation in Somalia , especially the capital city , Mogadishu , where there is little public transport compared to our neighboring countries . There is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model , which is the van , and very distracted roads , which may cause collateral damage .
2 . I 've noticed that the machine 's cost is higher than it was previously .
As for public transport , you can save fuel as well as reduce pollution , but it takes more time to reach the destination ,
But keeping in view of the environment , we should choose to use public transport .
I like going to camp because I love nature and I love meeting new people from around the world .
I worked on sport events as an organizer .
The city contains about thirty public parks .
The parks are full of greenery ; these parks are also used as playgrounds for children .
Ten year ago , the local governing body of the city decided to plant more trees and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
The trees also stop soil erosion in the rainy season .
Our city has a well equipped waste management system .
Each house in the city has two types of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separate .
In the morning , a waste collection truck comes and it takes this waste away .
Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stay in that house , but they are not alone . They are with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
The problem is that the mother started to hear many weird noises and her sons were not making them , so who was responsible ?
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one day , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there . So she starts getting more and more nervous . She goes and talks to the servants , and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys .
Then many things happen , and then they discover that the servants were not the ghosts .
I do not agree with what journalists do , because , to me , if I were a movie star , a famous man who had done many performances , I would not like to be pursued by journalists every hour of the day .
And another reason why I am so right in what I said in the lines above is that you feel as if you are in a game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false intrigue sometimes .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy , about 175 cm , and his weight is 71 kg and he has a white skin . He loves going to the beach and he loves swimming . He wears casual clothes , such as shirts and jeans , which are mostly blue , gray and black . If you see him , you notice how elegant he is .
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He loves his job as he is patient when doing his job . he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laugh .
When you start talking with him , you will be inspired by his knowledge and his way of talking . He has the talent to convince
.
My family are my best friends .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family was pointless , after my marriage I understood the importance of a family who always want to make me happy .
I have a little toddler with whom I love to share my feelings . He always gives me a nice hug after I return from the office .
I feel proud to hug him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress built up in office hours .
In the past , I did not care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability and loved to get anything new for my sweet home .
I would like to thank you for helping me .
You sent me a lot of information , but the most important was about the culture .
My teacher said that I have done a fantastic project .
But a lot of people say that a zoo can protect endangered species from illegal poachers .
So , if we still do n't do anything new , our country will still be unattractive .
With the coming of cars , people use public transport more rarely .
Everyone prefers to have his / her own car , so the future of public transport is very dark .
I am a suitable person for the job because I like to take care of kids and I have the ability to be empathic with other people .
I have good abilities , such as , organizing activities and helping the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
The charts below give information about the most important reasons for studying among students of different age groups and the amount of support they received from employers .
The first chart is the reasons for studying according to age of student .
For career has 80% ; under 26 years old students selected it . For the over 49 years olds , only 20% of people selected it ; but if you compare this with interest , it is totally different ; under 26 years old have only 10% ; but over 49 years olds have 70% .
The other chart is about employer support . Under 26 years old is the highest because it is almost 70% , the second highest is aged 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% ; the lowerst is 35% and the age of the group is 30 - 39 years old .
In Stockholm you can do whatever you want . There are places for everyone to enjoy .
You can visit the old city and see old buildings and the castle , you can see the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
Young people might like to take a walk in king garden , where there are sakura trees .
As a student at a local school , I would like to say that to cancelling the field trips
First of all , by getting students out of the classroom , students take a break from the school routine .
Furthermore , going on field trips gives students a chance to try things for themselves .
As you can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see and find out something new about them .
I have been an architect since 2003 .
After that , I lived in a flat .
If Azucena did not live there , we would not know Toulouse .
The river in Toulouse is the Garona .
When he was escaping from the prison , he bumped into an old friend callled Charlie .
Charlie was the only man that could help him escape .
Why do I enjoy my favourite sport ?
So , I think my favorite sport is going walking in the countryside .
I can relax when I walk alone and hear the sounds of the birds in the trees .
Michael decided to open the door and go back to her . He thought better the things he did not want to leave her again . He liked her . He knows himself and he wants to know her . He has kept all his feelings hidden for a long time .
The reason is , three days ago , he had been working when a girl at his work asked him whether he had a girlfriend and he said " I had one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she just walked away without saying anything .
He remembered two years ago when he had been working and he decided to return home early . While he was on his way home , he saw his girlfriend with another guy . They were hugging .
He arrived home and he just thought and thought all night . It was the second time that she had been unfaithful . Since then , he has been alone .
This morning , he had not gone to work and he was sitting in a pub drinking beer , when a girl came to him . He knew her , she was Abigail .
This girl was an acquaintance of his .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered how he met her on the bus . Maybe she had always been the woman of his life . He looked at her eyes and smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to start to get to know her . But he decided to leave the pub . He walked to the exit .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year , because Norovirus infected me ! At first , I had a high fever , but I thought if I took some medicine I would be fine .
Though everything was depressing , I still had a wonderful winter vacation with my family . We went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族 ) to visit its blooming cherry blossom . ( I do n't know its variety ~ is it from Japan??XD ) The cherry blossom was very beautiful but there were so many people .
When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , the wind was so strong ! I felt a little nervous though the scenery was amazing .
All in all , I still had a memorable vacation .
I liked the way the page tells you your progress and marks your mistakes so you can fix them .
The company also reserves its right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found to be as per the job description .
There is a bookcase next to the rocking chair and when I have free time I sit on it and read a book .
When I want to study for exams , I go to the living room and sit in front of the TV .
In addition , there is a small blackboard for my little brother because my mother wants my brother to learn Arabic and English letters .
As a consequence , they forget their first language .
In my opinion , by sharing a car we will arrive at work on time and when we finish work we can go directly home .
People who need to go in the same direction meet each other and use only one car .
You can travel to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and other historical cities .
First of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . The entire course really benefited me , especially at the first meeting , about British English . I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , later I found the beauty of the language in British English . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very careful and very humorous . You 're always careful in pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , because we all learn American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to in be contact with British English , it 's full - of - tone cadence always feels particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so the British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance .
And the strengths and weaknesses of both segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit . When I hear sentences , I use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again . Therefore , I can easily interpret illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not notice this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird . This is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
If I have an opportunity to go back to teaching English , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
I start by describing the old computers which we saw in the video , which were a few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and they filled an enormous room .
Visually , the colors on the screen were black and green .
Finally , I can say that with the passage of time we change the way we see the world , evolution comes into play , not only of technology , but also of society , religion , etc . ,
In my opinion , being alone means that you have something to think about , for example , to think about our deeds .
Journalists follow you and they do n't allow you to live like normal people .
I do n't have a car .
Every day I take public transport .
I live in a city , and for many people like me , the most convenient transport is public transport .
I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reducing pollution
I would love to work in the summer camp to do exercise . Every shop in the USA should do the summer camp job . I am the right person to work there because I 'm very fit and I would love to work in the kitchen , because I am the right chef for the summer camp job .
I would be really very proud to work with you . You will see my wonderful lunch and dessert . Please give me this job .
A representative to carry out an investigation so that the town takes care of the environment .
One thousand people of eighteen years and over were questioned in my town about their ways of taking
There is a service representative whose occupied the rubbish shared planning of day .
There are services which can clean and pick up the rubbish every day .
Also , the street where it is has a lot of traffic .
In addition to that , it hasn't got a driver room .
There are various kinds of different things that happen in people 's lives , some may be normal and nothing special , while others may be so meaningful and unforgettable that you will remember them for a long time .
Have you ever had this kind of experience ?
When I was in elementary school , I took part in a speaking contest , but I failed , and I was broken - hearted .
But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I could n't be so decadent forever . I wanted some change , hoping I would be better the next year .
No matter whether it was sunny or rainy , windy or warm . And I also asked my teacher for help .
Eventually , I was third in the contest .
Through this time , I learnt that winning and losing are not the most significant thing .
My country has witnessed a tremendous change in the last ten years .
10 years ago , I was a child , and I could seldom eat meat for dinner .
We do n't eat at home and it 's very common to eat junk food every week .
On the other hand , children are used to eating only what they want , because in general , they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruit , fish ...
To sum up , it is very important to be conscious of how food affects our health .
That 's the reason why we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables , and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to doing .
My dad and my grandfather ran their own business for more than 20 years .
Nowadays , the number of car owners has been increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .
Thus , some people claim that the social trend tends to reduce the popularity of travelling by public transport .
Today , private vehicles have become the pride of people 's lives , which means if a person is in their private vehicle , they look as though they have a higher status in society .
So it has become a fashion to use private vehicles , which creates a lot of problems . A big one is the traffic problem .....
Now the traffic problem is the biggest problem . The only solution to this using the public transport system as much as possible .
But now using public transport is seen as something for people of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
Our life keeps changing every day and we notice a huge range of changes in each decades .
We can accept that our life will be quite different from now in fifty years .
It brings happiness and beauty to us .
We can not stop changing , but we can guide changes to provide special benefit which makes life easier and more comfortable .
It brings hope to their lives and makes them taste life in a way that they had never dreamed of .
The ecological problems have been very bad for the last few years .
The enormous number of cars and the traffic jams cause pollution of the air and smog .
But I hope one day to go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player , who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
The first time I watched him play eight years ago was the same year that I started watching tennis .
I like how the players move around the court and how the audience applauds them every time they win a point . Although I 'm not on the court , I can feel the feeling of the game . It 's really awesome .
Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
My advice would be that if you want to play tennis , you should just go ahead and play it , not wait till others do it , because you can do that too .
At the beginning , it could be a little hard , but that is the same with many other sports when you start , so just keep in mind that you could play tennis with the most talented players from all over the world .
Flamengo was champion in 2009 . In 2009 Flamengo had a great team with good players , but now it is struggling to finish the competition in the first 4 teams of the championship .
My mouth is dry and has an awful metal taste , my head aches , it 's still spinning slightly and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
It must be the aftereffect of whatever those clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around me , especially those whispered shouts coming from behind .
My best friend has always been like a sister to me .
Our mums went to high school together , although they never talked a lot .
The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention to what she had said to me .
Despite that , we started to talk more and more , until we were what we are nowadays .
On the other hand , she has never been a talkative girl , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .
Even so , now she is starting to talk more often , and when we started high school we made lots of new friends !
I could n't imagine a life without her . She 's the best person I ever met .
My town is located along the middle coast of Vietnam .
When receiving an alarm about the pollution of water or land ... by the town 's inhabitants , the authorities must reposibile for this cause .
Finally , the government usually encourages on the radio , television etc .
It means that tourists and the people of the town have a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .
On weekends , I usually wear clothes according to the weather .
Sometimes , when I have to dress well , I wear dressy stuff , such as skirts , dresses , high heels and a sort of classy hairstyle .
In your message , you said that you needed to find a famous person in my country and needed some suggestions from me .
He started the hospital system in my country .
It is convenient to travel by private car everyone can afford it , so that everyone has a private car nowadays . Some people suggest private cars are going to replace public transport .
I ca n't agree with this point of view for the reasons below .
Firstly , the growing number of private cars causes a big problem with traffic jams . People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
That wastes people 's time and makes people feel exhausted .
Not to mention , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling on holidays .
Therefore people do n't need to drive cars to travel in the city .
Public transport brings relaxing holidays and efficient business trips for people without being weary after a long drive .
On the contrary , we need more public transport to improve our traffic system and find a better way to protect the environment .
Alison read the note and it said " I 'll be back at 8 pm " .
Alison felt desperate . She noticed that her husband 's car keys were in her house , so he was walking or someone had picked him up . She picked up the phone and she called all his group of friends . Nobody knew anything and now they were scared .
She was terrified . She started thinking about the possibility of death .
She got into her car and looked for her husband all over their small city , Pentonville . After half an hour , she saw him sleeping in a square .
George had lost his memory , and he could n't come back .
Nowadays , there are many types of transport in the world : bus , taxi , train but train more conform then else . I always use the bus in the city .
My favorite sport is football .
We do n't use so much petrol as if each passenger were to use their own private transport .
Many . Many people have no vehicles , they only depend on public transport for some reasons .
Public transport provides all the information about routes they follow and give an idea to passengers about the place .
If you choose me , I comitted with myself to comply with everything , working in a timely manner , because that is how I am .
The most important thing for me is to have more work experience and surpass my achievements that I gained long ago .
First I would like to introduce myself . My name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I want to tell you why my favourite sport is football , which is a sport that I have practiced since I was six years old .
I like this sport very much because it must be played with a group of people and is more fun than other sports which you play alone with one other opponent , like tennis .
I must confess that , the first time , I did n't like it very much , because I was a bit shy and It took a lot of effort to integrate with the other players in the team . But with the passage of time , I liked it more and more .
I would like to advise children who are taking their first steps in this sport , that it is with perseverance and effort that you can achieve great treasures .
I have swum in a swimming pool and I have also cycled on my bicycle .
Have you heard about Islam ?
First , I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even say that this opinion is the opposite of the present and future situation .
We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise it , so people will be motivated to travel on it .
My trust in future technology is so enormous that I hope there will be new environmentally friendly and cheaper ways to travel around our world .
If this happens , people will be more social and empatic , not only about people 's emotions , but also about our environment , and they will treasure it .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution which leads to global warming , which has become a real threat to our lives day by day .
For example , by using wind energy or solar energy for electricity generation , we will use less fuel , which is implicated in emissions .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that impose rules on people to reduce the use of things that cause a lot of pollution such as using big vehicles or building big facilities such as big factories .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . For instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same , that causes a lot of pollution . Because of that , we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improving our regulations are two ways to cut down on pollution for a better future .
Many wars start because people do n't know or respect other beliefs very well . Thus , we need to learn about other people 's beliefs if we are to live with them .
For example , people should cooperate in intervening to bring peace to the world , to stop war in many areas like the United Nations is doing .
For example , the United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . In brief , knowing each other and more cooperation between countries are two ways to avoid war for a better future .
For that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improving our regulations are two ways to cut down on pollution for a better future .
After ten minutes , I asked the teacher to call my parents so I could go home .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I could n't understand anything and I could n't talk .
At the hospital , the doctor put me on a drip and after some hours I felt better .
I wo n't ever forget that day !
For this reason , people are becoming aware of the terrible problem and are learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
In addition , public institutions are promoting this and also private companies create advertising to increase awareness .
This is due to the fact that Lima , in the beginning , did not have a plan to design its public roads and highways , and it has only been improvising to build them without any criteria to transport its population .
In all cities of the world , people will need public transport to get around the city .
I would like people to take public transport for travelling , so we will be able to rescue the countryside .
I usually take public transport to go to the University , because public transport is cheaper than a car .
I used to use my car every day , but little by little , I started to take public transport so that I could save money .
To this end , it proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 , which called upon all parties concerned to take the steps outlined below :
As he jumped down the stairs , wings flapping across Cairo .
He flew to Saudi Arabia .
They were doing rites of pilgrimage .
The population is estimated at around ten thousand people .
My neighbourhood is surrounded by a large range of mountains which have scenic views .
We have got a large shopping centre with some local shops , you can get plenty of things that you want from it .
One of the most amazing things that will attract you , is that it has a safari , park which is the most enjoyable thing . At the same time , it introduces you to wildlife without your needing to go out of your city .
All the amenities that are necessary for your daily life , such as a fantastic school with perfect teachers and a modern building can be found here .
Transportation is not an issue , because it has got many bus lanes and bus stops .
If you like active cities with enormous activity , I think it is an excellent place .
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it because it is the best way to lose weight and improve your health ; better than medicine .
I think people should get exercise by starting to play some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing games .
They have a long tradition dating back to the 18th century when Vungtau was a small commercial port .
Not only are they well - known for their long tradition , but they are also famous for the hospitality of the inhabitants living here , which attracts domestic and foreign tourists who come here to see the famous sights as well as shop for souvenirs .
They are located close to the local art gallery which takes about 15 minutes to go to on foot .
Compared with local shops , products ' prices in the shopping mall are considerably higher than those in local shops , but it offers a wider variety of products .
My name is Yusuf Hamid . I am 17 years old and I attend the state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,
My hobbies are meeting Friends and hanging out with them or playing basketball in my spare time .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I really enjoy playing it because it 's very exciting because anything could happen .
I usually play it with my partners and my friends , which makes the game even more fun .
I highly recommend anyone to play soccer , because i 'm sure that they will enjoy it very much .
People spend their first salary on buying a car .
People do n't use the five seats of the car to travel .
From the point of view of the environment , this is a bad idea , because it uses a lot of gas per person .
The cities are crowded and there is a lot of pollution from noise and exhaust .
A new problem is in the small towns , because they are not designed to accommodate a lot of cars .
It is a problem of mentality . If we had been born into a society that used public transport , I think that would be better and we would use it normally .
In my own town , people do n't use public transport . Some months ago , the council set up a public bike service and , three months later , they had to close it .
It means Tuesday night of week and takes place on the last Tuesday night of the year . On this night , people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to the fire : I give you my sign of sickness ( yellow color ) and you give me your healthy sign ( red color ) and eat some special foods .
It means new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day is very important for us because we clean our houses and buy new clothes just for new year . The major things on Norouz day is haft sin table and including the seven items which start with letters " s " .
We gather around the table on this day and wait for the spring in the last moments of the year .
When the new year starts , we hug and kiss , wishing each other happy new year and presents are exchanged .
During the holiday , people go to see their family , friends and relatives for a type of short visit .
It means thirteenth day of spring . On this day , people go on a picnic and spend the day out of their homes in nature because they believe that the number thirteen brings bad luck for them .
Sometimes , some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can help you in biology . The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
Series can also help you to study . For me , it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch have helped me in school , such as Breaking Bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
Last year I saw a movie called ' ' Side by Side '' , and it talked a little about life in ancient history , and by coincidence I was doing this subject in school , so it helped me a lot .
I worked as an assistant chef in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer . I worked in another restaurant in London , but I would like to look after children , because I have studied to be a teacher .
I believe I am suitable for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know how to cook very well .
In the future , I really want my grandchildren to be happy . That is all I ask for . I may be young , but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years . I mean dreaming does not hurt .
I ask myself every day how can I survive in this mad world ?
Nowadays , having a car is very expensive because you have to pay for a lot of things .
I have a very tiring day when I go and go straight to bed .
The last few days when I was in Baja California I got very little time for shopping and going to the beach .
First , I believe you should travel from the north of Italy to the south , in
Finding a job in Italy is n't as easy as you think , because the
But that 's not all . Since you know two languages , maybe you could find
I will find someone who knows the agency 's manager , and you will
In a car , you do not have a timetable to consider , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still in snow , rain , cold .
There have been several serious natural or man - made disasters this year .
Around the world , up to three air crashes which resulted from being hijacked or shot happened .
In my opinion , all of us should be careful with all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
Frankly , it seems that the town that I have been living in has not taken care of the environment .
It is easy to see when we walk around or when we go for a walk .
In general , we do n't care about anything ; water , recyclable things , even our air conditioning .
Here in Brazil , it is very difficult care about it because it demands serious action and skills from our government , which unfortunately wo n't happen soon .
Although Brazil has gone through several changes in the last 40 years , the main one hasn't started yet , and I am talking about education .
Our government prefer to keep our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their minds .
And why am I talking about it ? I am talking about it because the foundation of environmental protection is our mindset . Just with knowledge and information , we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and instead we have the current result .
So , if we believe it is an important subject to care about , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
We can have a really good house where there is a lot of furniture , space and ornaments .
We can choose expensive things for the interior ,
In this report I am going to talk about how my town takes care of the environment .
First at all , I asked the council about this great problem which is pollution and the way to solve it .
He is aware that the increase in pollution is a big problem and that measures must be taken to try to solve it .
n the town , he tries to make people aware of the situation and they take care of the environment .
In my opinion , we should be conscientious and stop it . If we do n't stop it , after , it will be too late .
We sometimes give presents at parties , like birthday parties ...
The best present that I have received was ... I do n't remember !
First , you should know about the weather . We have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the Middle East .
All the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as for the five prayer breaks , because we need to go to pray . For work , you need to know what the field you want to work in , is so I can help you to search for a good job matching your abilities .
After what I have told you about my country , I hope you like it .
Also , there are the supermarket , bar and restaurants .
For many years , people have used public transport to go to work , to study , and to travel .
So , we use trains , buses and bikes to get from place to place .
Let us examine the advantages and disadvantages
Sometimes it is better to travel by bus because of thorny road .
Nowadays , people have a stressful life , so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
We might think that there is no future for public transport , because most people use their own car .
Using your own car , you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what route you are going to use .
It 's more comfortable to go anywhere in your own car . The problem is the pollution that this life brings us , and also the parking problems .
If everybody goes in their own car , they have to park and maybe the place is full .
Also , travelling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't have to stop in each town , so using your own car saves time .
Nowadays , people are really worried about their jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people have lost their jobs and others are working in rubbish jobs for little money .
In my opinion , the most important is thing enjoying your work because we spend an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we do . As a result , if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be hell .
The truth is , that the ideal would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and , of course , make a lot of money , like for example , Hollywood actors or football players . But that is almost impossible .
In summary , for me , it is better to enjoy yourself at work every day , although you do not have a big salary .
The most important thing is to wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .
The Scorch Trials is one of the best films and thrillers that I have ever seen . It is so exciting to see all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be immune if some sick person bites them .
One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't want to go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides to go after them and he gives a great speech to all the people who go with them and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in the next film is whether Thomas is mad at Teresa ( I never liked her ) and if they get free and the world goes back to normal .
It is a beautiful place where people can go to have an excellent time and enjoy the forest and lagoons .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do babysitting , so the company of children does not frighten me .
I hope I have convinced you .
Usually her dog was a blue color but at that moment it was red
Recently , I saw Tarantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to say that I am looking forward to watching the next one .
Firstly , Django Unchained reminds us of the hard life suffered by black people in the past through a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be sold to an owner farm . This was matched with an amazing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
On the other hand , there are a lot of famous players of volleyball who have had knee ligament injuries .The most frequent cause of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
In my opinion , volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings . My advice for someone who is starting this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this game and it makes you do your work in a relaxed way .
First of all , public transport probably meets the needs of people who hardly use or do n't use their cars to travel .
In Japan , which has one of the largest populations over 60 , many senior citizens prefer using buses to cars .
In addition , a new generation is growing up and they do n't own their own cars because there are few opportunities to travel and because of the high cost of having a car of their own .
and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive . Thus , we can improve the national income by attracting many people from other towns . And we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary for their health and at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskets and anyone who throws it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our town .
The natural environment is being destroyed . That is a problem people focus on frequently .
Many countries build more and more buildings . This affects people 's quality of life .
Building more large buildings can destroy people 's and animals ' living environment and some animals may become extinct .
Governments should take some measures to deal with building more buildings . We will destroy the natural environment .
Do n't be afraid of hockey ! You are used to sitting in front of a computer , but the best choice is to get up and go to the hockey club .
I am Xyz . I am 18 years old and I am a student .
I am a volunteer and I work as a babysitter . I can cook .
I got first prize in a match .
Since then , I met my teacher at the pool .
She taught me a lot of things , and is the most important figure in my life .
She is a doctor . She told me that swimming would let my body more better .
From then on , I felt my disease decrease and feel relax .
The research shows that swimming can decrease disease .
When you are in the water , you will feel relax .
You should try this sport now .
After rehabilitation , I continued to feel pain in my foot and I still limped .
I decided to put an end to this and , one gorgeous morning , I started running !
After these moments , you start doing things that many people think impossible or even unbelievable .
I advise starting with one km .
I would like to start working in your cafe , because I am very interested in cooking and everything connected with it .
My last job was working as a dealer in a lot of shops .
I have traveled a lot , because this is my hobby . I have learned about a lot of food in many countries .
I am used to working a full - time job .
I am prepared for long working hours . That 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spending time with people .
First of all , It is true that not all people like doing sports because they are hard work and a bit stressful too .
Despite the fact that sports are hard work , doctors are always saying that sports improve our health .
In conclusion , Physical Education is necessary in schools because sports improve our health and make us feel good and healthy .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay for the first night at the time of booking and the rest of the stay should be paid upon arrival at the front desk .
Plus , if I cancel the reservation 48 hrs before arrival I will be charged 5% of the full stay .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy , but it also helps us to make new friends because , while we are training , we have people in our team who we can talk to and make friends with .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when you are a small child to gain experience and , year after year , become better .
I find football interesting because it teaches us a lot of values such as cooperation and onest .
I can also have fun with my friends when I play it .
Famous people definitely deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
They also have families , they also sleep , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like they are aliens .
Honestly , if I were in their shoes I could n't stand it .
I would feel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , because someone will take a photo of it , and I wo n't have peace .
They ca n't complain , because it 's the way of life they chose .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all kinds of activities for children , from canoeing to swimming competitions . Also , I worked in a summer camp last year , where I could put all the things that I had learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to have again .
If I had known about the thing before I would have invited all my mates .
What 's more , I did n't have to pay for the ticket , because it was volunteer work - closing the door after people that came out of the concert hall .
The good thing about it was the fact that the band ( actually I do n't even remember its name ) was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even thought about leaving the place .
With reference to your advertisement posted on the web ( CareerCast IT ) a few days ago , I am sending you attached my curriculum vitae in support of my application for the following position : Graduate Project Engineer , which is being offered at your company .
If you consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and develop my professional career .
I am not worried about a salary now , but am looking for a chance to show my skills .
I would agree to work for the minimum wage or working in practice .
Where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practise football so I could become really good like other players .
During our stay , all the staff were friendly and always available .
As time went by , football remained my favourite sport .
It has been a long time since I have seen you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
I heard about your wanting to have a trip to Taiwan . I would love to help you if you came to Taipei .
Taiwan 's culture is all about eating .
At any time of day or night , we can see people eating in all kinds of eating establishments ; from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
A lot of children usually do n't know how to study English , and you could help them to get there .
If you are interested in my idea , I would help you to find one immediately .
The other team was professional , they had won many competitions , they were really good , but Tom and I knew that we could win .
He also thanked me and told me that if it was n't for me he would n't even have thought about playing tennis professionally .
Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoid disease and become healthier . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and relaxed .
Moreover , daily exercise is a very good idea which helps us to avoid becoming overweight and to keep our body healthier . So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other knids of sports to avoid diseases .
During the last months , we have seen a huge number of new movies issued by many famous European and American filmmakers .
The first one is basically based on the true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is played by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he became rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock market .
Walter Mitty , in contrast , deals with the fictional story of the main character , an archivist , whose life is changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
Walter Mitty is played by the excellent Ben Stiller , who has now arrived at the top of his career as an actor .
Far from the moise and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will start a new life .
I must say that The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who wants to spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
It seems more convenient to them to get around on their own rather than be tied to public transport .
It can be argued that public transport systems have been losing their popularity in many ways .
This may cause people to get to their particular destination late .
I think that when you want to become famous because of something that you do ( for example , writing musicals ) you have to accept what comes with it .
However , there are also those kinds of people that become famous for doing nothing or just being rich , as is the case with Paris Hilton .
We can see that people become famous when they die , so , journalists are instrumental in creating a negative or positive opinion of that person .
The difficulty of learning something .
Some people say that the world could be better if it returned to the past where life was more simple .
The question is whether older people are disadvantaged by not using technology in a confident way .
There is no doubt : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example , explains well and calmly the use of new technology to an old man or woman , in the end , these people are also in a position to use it .
There are some old people who are interested in knowing how technology works , but others who are not interested at all .
To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , anyone who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results might be lower than their expectations .
I am writing this letter , because last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like and I can recommend to you .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I saw THE TITANIC . Perhaps the movie counts as the typical story where the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
But the best of all for me was the sinking of the ship , when it went down to the bottom of the ocean .
The director wanted to make the story as realistic as possible .
I think that the love story is included to explain the sinking better .
One of them which covers all interests is Afi Palace Cotroceni .
In addition to that , cheap is the best word to describe the prices .
Although using your own car is better for moving around the city , public transport has been shown to be a good option for travelling long distances at a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
In conclusion , this kind of transport will have to improve if the companies in charge want citizens to use their buses , trains and other public vehicles in the future .
Those improvements should include lowering the price , reducing the times or offering new destinations and more resources .
The aim of this report is to share the experience of different students who worked abroad during the summer .
I have been doing swimming since I was six years old . Now I am twenty one . This should leave you in no doubt about how much I care about my hobby .
If I had to suggest a sport for children to do , I would recommend it , because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantees an high level of wealth .
I 'll finish by saying that , even when I was young , if my father had asked me if I would rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would surely have chosen the former .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around us , even if we are living in the country or far from the factories .
Nowadays , we have hurried lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
Your health needs calm , friendship , happiness ... You must keep in contact with your friends and spend time with yourself ( do not forget your hobbies and learn new things ) and your family .
However , there is a lot of malicious software around the Internet and you must be careful .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that create these viruses to damage other people 's computers .
It 's all so easy and useful . For example , you can order a pizza to be delivered to your home .
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where where you do the same activities every day , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forgetting words , dates , information that you learnt a few years ago , because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to an audio book just 1 hour every day , you will feel a change quickly . I know that adopting reading habits is difficult , but if you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of it and you will read for pleasure .
Finally , if you get the reading habit you will organize your ideas better and you may feel more energetic . If you do n't believe me , just try it .
In addition , as I have been determined to build my career as a teacher since my childhood and , moreover , I definitely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at university and in a local school .
I have been teaching English for 5 years already and I would say that this job was made for me .
My opinion is rooted in my experience , so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth , I like cooking and experiencing new things in general .
I would welcome the opportunity to meet with you and look forward to hearing from you .
I had a lot of fun at the summer sports camps and I made a lot of friends .
If you like scary thrillers , this movie is the one for you to watch , I do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious , so you will like that one .
A group of fishermen began to walk around the city looking for a good place where they could take their fish .
Neighbours helped them to build the building and , after a few months , they began to use it .
Nowadays , the building has become a luxury mall with the most expensive brand clothes .
The homeless man noticed it too , although he did n't care because he would always obtain free food .
He dreamt it was his time to go fishing ; he went so far that he saw a kind of battle between sharks and whales .
That was his entire dream . He was now scared to find out if that was real or not .
But it was too illogical to be true ; the good thing was that he was n't the one that would go and fish , which would be the leader .
They would notice quickly because the fish would smell worse than it already did .
You start living on your own , make your own decisions and plan your future .
Besides , there are a great number of people who graduate school but do n't have enough money to continue their education .
It is also a point that if you do n't achieve what you wanted to during the gap year , you are in the same place as when you were graduating school .
In addition , I recently passed my First Aid Course , which is quite useful for me .
I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so it will be a pleasure for me to get this job .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation for being a mature , responsible and easy - going person .
I believe that this will give me the chance to consider my application and get the job .
Someone came and opened the bathroom and I got my keys and went to work .
At the moment , I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I would find another place to stay . That 's no problem !
I hope it will be every day because I 'm looking forward to learning English !
I would be grateful if you could reply to my questions as soon as you can .
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We were faced with the real problem of lack of time for translating , especially closer to the end when our translators worked with very large texts .
If you want to play this sport , you have to make a really big effort and try to practise as much as possible .
I try drinking a cup of strong coffee but it does n't help .
That half of my day I am always sleepy and angry .
I think you should consult a doctor about it .
Try not to eat a very substantial meal in the evening and in the morning .
But I think you should remove it from your diet .
- And I forgot to add that you must do some morning exercises .
Watching quiz programs is a main way to educate oneself .
Being aware of current affairs is important in our life .
There are plenty of entertainment programs which just waste our time with no other benefits .
I am used to working with children who are under 12 years old , because I usually do kids ' matches when I referee .
The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
I could pick you up from the airport by car .
As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment , but I suggest bringing something warm just in case as the weather is very changeable here .
I 'm really pleased as there were about 200 competitors and , so , I would never have thought I would be the winner .
Since many European tourists like to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sunshine and also discovering the historical remains from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work in .
The hotel should provide a variety of cuisines from around the world , so that the clients can eat whatever they wish .
The hotel should have an all - inclusive concept , so before people go on holiday , they can calculate their costs .
Also , being regularly on the computer is a way to damage your eyesight .
Now that they were back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well her brother , who had been avoiding her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend . They were n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely , she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so going to their old house as a surprise would at least give her the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despite this insignificant trick , she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
There are only a limited number of government buses on the road and their frequency is not good , so they get overcrowded .
Not everyone can afford a car , so public transport will be here in the future as well , but fewer people will use it .
Our company is a small and based company which has worked in the same field for almost 50 years .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore , as I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department , I have to start the search for a new employee .
He would contribute his life experience , and he would ask for better working conditions such as salary , family time , and health insurance .
In conclusion , I would say that a recent graduate would be a great asset for our company as they will accomplish our targets .
Firstly , it is true that they have similar relationships to those we had many years ago .
There is a strong argument for believing these resources could harm their writing skills .
I 'm so happy to hear you 're coming to visit me !
Now I will explain to you how to reach my home from the airport .
Next , you can take the bus which takes you to Chiari .
So TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort was put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society .
In my opinion , although there are some advantages if teachers are responsible for this task , I believe that the government is more suitable to lead this mission .
There are two main advantages of teachers deciding what subjects are taught in schools .
Firstly , each teacher would be able to teach courses according to their own expertise , which would lead to more advanced and high - quality teaching .
And it would be difficult to examine students ' ability on a national scale .
Although some drawbacks may exist when this task is determined by the central authorities , a committee comprising experts in different disciplines could minimize these drawbacks .
On the one hand , friends are like a family because you live together a lot of experiences and adventures .
Not only because they than taken at world but also they always tell the truth .
They want better for you , and they will always be by your side .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always been amazed by the attraction of concerts for large audiences . Therefore , in my opinion , the second text offers good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
Santa Cruz is growing every year and now it is the biggest city in Bolivia and I like living here .
If you want to go sightseeing downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a fun place where we can dance and drink a lot .
You will not regret visiting Santa Cruz .
I think my favourite sports are cycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in winter .
That 's one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be outside , instead of walking or snowboarding .
On the other hand , I might get a cold and a temperature or something like that .
Watching the sunset between the humble houses and four chapels , one in each of the cardinal points , dedicated to Santiago , San Bartolomé , Los Mártires and La Soledad .
Owning a car certainly makes trips faster and easier .
To my mind , there is a promising future for public transport .
It is a known fact that travelling by car is less green than by travelling public transport .
If everyone started using a car for traveling , there would n't be enough road for everyone as there are seven billion people in the world , and even for the environment it is better to use cars as little as possible .
So , in summary , to save the environment , to make the roads accessible to everyone , public transport should be used and we should all try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
She was his neighbour and they had loved each other from when they were young .
They lived in a small town in Massachusetts .
He asked Jessica to let him go with her , but she did n't agree , because before marrying him , she wanted to try to see if their love could hold out against everything , including distance .
So she packed her luggage and she came to say goodbye to him .
She was disappointed and tried to explain her thinking to him , but he did n't want to understand her reasons .
He was afraid of losing her and he did n't want to try to trust her and their love .
Then it is very important to go to this store and choose an object that makes you remember the most exciting day of the trip , a gorgeous monument you have seen , ...
Some people say that there is no future for public transport .
They argue that a large number of people prefer travelling in private transport , because it is more comfortable and convenient .
Firstly , travelling by bus or on other public transport , such as the underground , helps us to decrease the emission of exhaust which causes pollution and global warming .
Take as an example of this , that some teenagers drink detox water instead of eating meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated to work by scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to have some unexpected consequences .
In everyday life , the internet has become one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influential .
In conclusion , the internet has pros and cons , but it can be very useful and fun to use .
The few houses themselves are set around a very old Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for raising sheep and cows .
Hi bro , What s up there ? .I'm going to recommend you to give up sport . As I told you too many times , sport is bad for your health . It makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like that , and music improves and stimulates your brain and intelligence .
But also , I told you that if you are very good at sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it because it is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laugh or have a good time .
Generally , it seems a modest sport or simple hobby , but it permits me to meet more and more people along the urban streets who do jogging too .
So , I enjoy running alone or with friends , because this sport has a lot of possibilities , more than I thought when I started to run after finishing High School .
Later , I had more roommates , colleagues and partners even who did this sport , which is among the most fashionable ones at the moment .
But , for beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running can be boring , tiring , dangerous even , but if you have a strong spirit and willpower , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
Karate makes me strong and lets me know how to face something I was scared of before .
I enjoy it and got achievability from it .
Open your mind , do n't be chicken , and you 'll find different one about you !
One ca n't imagine how many germs ( viruses included ) are on a hand rail waiting for a skin to rush in .
So , little by little , and as the economic conditions of people improve , public transport will eventually disappear .
However , after I came to New Zealand , I found a special sport which does n't need any ability ; hiking .
Also , you are able to choose a place to go depending on how you feel .
Do n't forget to take some water as well .
In some places , you will have difficulty finding it .
Let 's start hiking as soon as possible , otherwise you will miss the opportunity to see fabulous scenery .
During the last decades , the number of cars used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution and deaths associated with traffic accidents have also increased .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and pollutes a small fraction of the amount it would have if every passenger had traveled using individual cars .
One thing which we can be sure of is that the world is changing but public transport existed in the past and will exist in the future .
Cars are n't cheap and if you think that it is easier to move from one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point , but there are a lot of considerations which you should occur like gas , insurance or parking costs .
Moreover , you should think about comfort during the trip .
When you drive by the car , you have to focus on the road , you need to think about what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should choose .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
Another advantage could be the teachers : they are quite strict sometimes , but they make us study harder and that is not so easy to do with teenagers .
Nowadays , people depend on them too much .
Cars are used even when not necessary .
Travelling could be a good way to improve your language and to get to know Italy better .
It is a tourist country , you could work as a waiter in my city .
Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always got the top marks and participated in most activities , and known to all the teachers and students .
He also played in the school football team and beat the state club .
Despite all these things , Adam was lonely and had no friends in school or in Abbeywood Street in Queensland , where he lived in Australia , and Adam was very annoyed about that , and what made it worse , was that a boy called Johnny had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
Two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends , but unfortunately , they were n't very good friends . They used to cause trouble and did n't do their homework on time . The boys were Fernando and Louis . They were in their seventh year in school , like Adam .
The math teacher in school , Mr Michael , was a very good teacher who took care of children in school .
He realized Adam 's marks were getting lower and he was involved in some trouble in school and began to investigate him .
In the final exam , Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and informed the school 's manager , who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
As a matter of fact , Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got lower , but he did n't , and the consequences were very bad , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
There are buses too , but I do not like them . Depending on the dot , there are traffic problems and you have to wait a long time at a bus stop .
I am from a small town and I have to wait one hour to go to the city center .
I propose using fewer cars .
The plot revolves around an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat and mouse , a team composed of the four best illusionists .
If I have to stand out any weakness I would say that is a bit predictable .
This will help them as a way to study or revise for the exam and reduce their levels of stress .
Another simple solution I think could help is to study as well as to revise content during sessions before a certain exam , to help the students study whilst still having a class .
I always dreamt of becoming a great player , playing in a crowded stadium , people clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
When I grew up , I realized sooner than later , that I would never be either a good or a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players that ever lived .
Then I decided to study engineering and become one of the best engineers ever .
Life is becoming bigger and bigger .
People are looking for a comfortable , easy life .
Companies are looking for well - educated people with good experience to hire and students are more likely to suit their choices .
With your certificate , you can easily find a job .
For that reason we 're going to put our names down at the gym and the swimming pool .
Besides , I 've a big surprise . Apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has invited us to join them .
Anyway , what about having lunch on Saturday and speaking about it quietly ?
To begin with , I have been interested in birdwatching from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
Birdwatching really relaxes me and brings me closer to nature .
So , if someone really wants to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area where he lives .
It lets us improve our listening and speaking skills .
In addition , it could be interesting , although you do n't have to do physical activity , because your ability to edit a speech , support an idea , have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity .
What 's more , it does n't require a specific place to take place in , it could be tried anywhere .
I think that my college should provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and teaches you how you should speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
I am glad to hear that everything is OK with you .
You know that I learnt biotechnology at school in Bulgaria .
If so , what are the criteria for giving it .
If service only meets expectations and does not provide anything more than them , that means customer satisfaction is there , but the customer will not feel great .
If service is not meeting the expectations of the customer or its quality is just below what is expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
The rest of the respondents gave positive feedback .
The factors which hinder other respondents from giving very positive feedback may be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failure of Vashtu 's results ' failure to meet their expectations .
The US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is disobeying Hong Kong law .
In Occupying Wall Street , the US did not seem to be much more peaceful than the Tiananmen Massacre .
The US always targets dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up one of its competitors .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria . There was chaos instead of " democracy " everywhere , and the next might be Hong Kong .
I am afraid that Occupying Central will lead to chaos similar to the Tunisian Revolution .
The signature collection by the White House has now ended .
I really hope Hong Kongers that signed the website will think again about what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
And I really think the US should stop picking on China .
Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concepts to be the best way to deal with many academic and real - life problems .
For example , I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher has explained in class , but just remember the facts .
From this experience , I learn that I should not just remember facts , but should try my best to understand ideas and concept .
Second , learning ideas and concepts supports self - education significantly .
It is easy to find out facts from people around you .
However , learning ideas and concepts needs more investigation and understanding from many of the academic textbooks .
Nowadays , there is limited time for any teacher to cover all points on a certain subject .
When students grasp the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issues related to it deeply .
There were masses of materials on a specific issue , but I tried my best to grasp its notion and that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
Not only do students learn more in their studies , but also it helps students understand many facts in our lives better than any other way .
He has travelled a lot . He knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many places .
He taught me my basic English , to play tennis , to play the guitar , to dance , to sing and I could go on .
So , if I can end my days having been a little bit like him , the work will be done and I will be able to say I have been a good father , just like him .
To begin with , I consider that many homes which will be created in the future must have robots .
They are designed to do all things related to housework .
All in all , future houses will look more like airplanes , and less like normal homes .
We picked up our things and started to walk .
We found very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very popular , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
We decided to go to talk with him .
He started being nervous when we asked where he had seen that girl .
He said that girl that he was drawing was the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
He explained that he had seen that girl on the beach .
Because I had never heard beautiful words like that about me , I accepted the invitation without thinking .
When the night came , I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go to .
I was wearing a short red dress and black shoes .
I tried swimming , and I found that so boring .
After that , I signed up for Karate classes , but I did n't like combat sports like that .
But one day , my sports teacher gave me the opportunity to become a basketball player at nine years old .
Since that day , basketball has been my favourite sport .
A player can win a game , but only a team can win championships " .
Nowadays , there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic , so it would be difficult to live a whole month without it .
However , this family believed that if they achieved their goal , they would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
So they would help to solve a bit the problem for the UK 's recycling system .
So , we can use plastic in a responsible way , but we have to know that we should n't take this idea to the extreme because we need plastic .
I watched till they dragged him away , and then everything went quiet again , as if there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
How did these people find the spot ?
The guy who killed that boy really needed to have an INCENTIVE to kill him .
If there was a machine that could go back in time , I might be able to save him .
I hope you got a high score at school .
Even if you are the best player in the whole world , you always have to play for your team - or else , be ready to be overcome by your foe !
The icon , depicting the Mother of God with the Christ Child , known as the Black Madonna of Częstochowa was imported from Russia in 1384 . And since then a lot of pilgrims have been visiting that picture .
He promised that the Madonna of Częstochowa would always be a Polish queen .
When you were a child , did you ever ask yourself what you were good at ?
On the one hand , we have people who live for their sport . On the other hand , there are people who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
It is likely you would have more self - confidence if you worked harder during a lesson .
So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is , if you have not fallen in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
You can go by train , by bus or maybe rent a car .
You could go clubbing in Tarragona , but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort to go to Salou .
Tarragona and surroundings are a good place to visit and to explore their culture .
I was hoping that my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronics but my parents told me to do some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronics .
I followed their recommendations and I totally changed my thinking .
There were some aspects that I had been really unaware of .
So , I went to my parents and asked for their help . They presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I could easily get along with .
I hope one day all children will rely on their parents as their teachers .
I enjoy hearing the rain while I am reading at home .
When the weather is good , I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or go shopping .
Finally , I enjoy taking care of my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of different kinds of flowers .
Actually , I do n't like computer games very much , because , in my opinion , they are so boring ! I also think these games create a sort of dependency , like alcohol or drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
I really prefer doing other kinds of things on my computer , like surfing the Internet , studying English , etc .
Then we got on a bus to go to the house which we had rented .
I was looking forward to going to the beach and swimming in that wonderful water .
For example , I can learn about the Big Bang , or the origin of the universe . It 's fascinating !
I can also learn about astronomy , physics , chemistry , biology and many other branches of science .
From this programme I can get information about the latest scientific discoveries and
Every day you have new news about the cruise , excursions , the weather and a lot of other information about the cruise .
The media manager follows information on panel , changes information depending on the weather , trips and a lot of other information .
We also have to keep in mind taking care of our environment , in order to have a healthy life .
At school , children are taught about how to make appropriate use of electricity .
There are many people that offer themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and have been very helpful in making the city cleaner and more attractive .
Many times when I have been shopping , I was unhappy or disappointed for different reasons .
First of all , we can like or even love shopping , we do n't always have enough money to buy items we want or need .
It 's nice to go through the shops and leave with hands full of bags .
There , over the last two years , I was the leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of lessons for young students with learning difficulties .
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live , in where we have a lot of products and chefs are so good , I would like to visit an Italian restaurant , because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place in the world where you can eat different types of cheese .
Whereas I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that makes the night more romantic if you dine with your partner or more relaxed if you dine with your friend .
However , not all is OK . A trip to Italy is so expensive and many classmates ca n't afford it .
Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project building a community hospital . While on this project , I interacted and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
I earnt some money to pay my university fees and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the university .
I live in Milan with my parents , but I 'm moving to the USA before the end of spring , so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
I would like to be part of your staff , so please let me know if I can work with you !
In Canada , the vehicles per capita was 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
There was once an interesting saying that North America is a nation on wheels .
As a result , the rapid increase of cars on the road has brought negative consequences .
Firstly , vehicles ' emissions can have detrimental effects on the environment in many ways .
In addition , traffic congestion has become another worsening problem .
the subway has become the most popular commuting tool .
For instance , in New York , the subway system includes 232 miles of routes .
In 2013 , the subway delivered over 1.71 billion rides , averaging approximately 5.5 million rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system is 14 metro lines and 329 stations , with an operating route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billion rides delivered in 2013 .
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fares are much cheaper compared with driving a car .
Some professional companies even offer their employees free public transport passes as a benefit .
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that passes through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourists ' , students ' and professionals ' first choice for commuting .
There are some park - and - ride stations allowing car drivers to connect with the subway . It is very convenient and encourages more people to drive less .
If I have to get to somewhere on time in the rush hour , I will first consider the subway over driving a car .
Taking the subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that are happening today will surely lead to a bright future for public transport .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take the second on the right , which is Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
I think it would be a good idea to try the restaurant " The old clock " .
There is also a good choice of food for vegetarians , so Mike and Ann will not have a problem eating .
The downside could be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time the customers make the order .
You can listen to live music or a DJ on Friday evening . It 's really fun !
What do you feel are the main causes of this ?
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US showing that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of the TV or computer playing video games . They hardly do any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
This shows that fried or packaged food and a complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for the increase in obesity among young people .
For example , it should be noted that recent studies by WHO have revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in the number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
I had a really good time with my boyfriend . This place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not able to walk and it was then that he realized why is sister was celebrating her wedding on this date .
For me , these are the most incredible sports that anyone can do .
Swimming is one of the most complete sports , because you use every part of your body in order to float and advance in the water .
The ideal is to start doing this sport as children , because the older you are the more difficult it is to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you have already started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for this service guide and how to use it .
I propose having a meeting to discuss the process / timeline and align our communications to the marketing and sales community .
To come to my home , firstly you must take the National Express coach .
I suggest bringing a coat .
If you need further details about how to get to my apartment write to me soon .
Generally speaking , cars generate more pollution than any public transport .
It is also important to mention that people who drive their own car most of the time travel on their own .
When we arrived in Catania , the bus driver took us to a café to have breakfast .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento , where a lot of us stayed in the hotel that night .
We also saw Pirandell 's house , and after that , we went to Marsala . During the evening , we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we visited a museum and then we moved to Trapani , where we visited the saltworks .
There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone drove a car , the pollution would be so great , that we could n't live here anymore .
There would be much more exhaust if every person drove a car .
The hero finds all his friends are disappearing one by one .
If I had to give advice to someone who wants to start this sport , I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
If he is afraid of the water , it is not recommended to do this sport , or being able to overcome his fear would be a great goal .
All in all , I would recommend anyone to do this sport .
I think playing basketball helps me to be healthy .
It is an easy sport to play for anyone who has never played any sport before .
This is a story about basketball , my favourite sport .
It is more possible to lose contact with a friend than with your family .
Nowadays , owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you are willing to pay through the nose for it .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that has shaken Europe and that has intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - wateringly expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
Although renting is the first option for most of the youth , rents also have been affected by the housing bubble and their prices have shot up too .
In order to save up for future plans , a large number of young adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping into the dark and moving out .
That could end in constant arguments because of issues like privacy and so on .
The future remains uncertain until the economic situation recovers .
As there are not many signs of this becoming a reality , young people must wait to start their own lives .
It keeps me fit , healthy and full of energy .
It refreshes me .
At first , I could n't believe that I could do this .
In addition , I made new friends there . They are very clever and physically strong .
After the race , we got together in the cafe , drink beer and had a nice conversation .
I have become more organized , and I have managed to do more than I could have imagined .
I think everything is possible when you are organized . You start to build your own timetable , which makes your life more easy and effective .
I strongly believe in the idea of having a comfortable office environment , because when you like what you are doing and also where you are doing it , you will do it the best you can .
I recommend that everyone in this department takes the course , that way we could have the views of all the employees and focus on what we need to improve and channel it into profits .
In conclusion , this will make everyone feel part of the company and we will have everyone 's opinions .
The movie was first released in 1982 and was directed by Ridley Scott , who was the director of Alien .
The story of Blade Runner is about a police officer named Dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth , which they call the replicants , and they are dangerous to humans .
The film events happen in Los Angeles in 2019 ; there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character ; and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty . He is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
Dickard , the police officer , kills three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tries to kill the last robot , he discovers that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanical body , because he saves Dickard 's life at the end of the film .
It enables you to go anywhere you want , no matter when .
You can also stop worrying about how much you take to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside your trunk , while this is impossible with any other means of transport ,
On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and not everyone can afford it .
It is not only cheaper , but also saves you from such problems as lack of parking spaces and reduces traffic jams .
I am convinced , that in spite of cars being comfortable , public transport will constantly develop .
After , that I 'll need to make some money . My parents are going to give me some , but it wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
Science nowadays has developed a lot and has given the population a lot of possibilities , like storing stem cells and using them to treat future health problems anyone can have .
We have a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a well - known home improvement store , and also a large bike retailer with professionally trained shop assistants .
In this situation , we are nervous and stressed .
Sometimes , your shopping trip turns out to be unsuccessful and you are desperate because you wasted money .
But , if you are a woman and you have lots of money and time , you will always be content during shopping .
If we think about them , we will realize that we are lucky because of the simple fact of enjoying them .
One of the momentous human aims is to make life eternal as much as it is possible .
Each one makes everyday life a bit easier , but real progress in the home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
This headband would be related to household chores such that if you need to wash dishes or to sweep , you only have to think about it and the robotized system of the house will send orders to each part of the house itself .
Having explained it , I am completely sure that this outline of my ' house of future ' will astonish and amaze everyone who reads my sublime project .
How are you doing ? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I went to last month .
It all started when I applied to be a volunteer at this event .
I did n't think that I had any chance of getting there , because of the large number of applicants .
But , I fortunately made it .
I was attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing the public about the programme and all the organisational stuff .
There were so many guests and I was afraid that it would be too hard for me to do it right .
After some time , I felt sad , because I realised that I would n't be able to see the band playing on the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entrance .
But after the first song , when the audience started to sing and dance , our manager came to us and told us that we could go see the concert .
I had a great time throughout the entire concert .
Michael does n't know anything about love and sweetness .
The only thing he knew when he got to Mandy 's house was this : The world does n't turn around him .
He arrived and the first word he said was :
And Michael does n't care what people think about him .
Michael the big man , who can do everything in the whole damn world , except take care of his keys , I guess ... "
- I wo n't repeat myself a third time : What is your problem ?
He got his bag and he went to the door .
Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone you are familiar with ) bullying or forcing you sexually .
Second , I told you what you can do to deal with it .
Be alert and take some precautions to protect yourself .
If you are affected , do not be afraid to tell the truth and let others help you to deal with it .
with an amazing riverside view that makes you relax and feel comfortable .
To sum up , I would recommend this place if you want to have a great time and eat on your last day .
Our interaction with human beings has been pathetically reduced .
It is safer , cheaper and faster .
For centuries the population of the world has been dreaming of commuting anywhere comfortably by car .
How many of us get up from our bed already exhausted just at the thought of getting onto public transport ?
It was after thinking about this major problem that governments around the world launched the greatest and most ambitious plan .
New motorways , streets , car parks are no longer sitting in the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are a reality transforming the world landscape .
I am very interested in starting a pet - care franchise because I like pets and I think all these services would be very helpful for a lot of people in my country too .
Just to save time ?
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic , but if we do n't change our minds immediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that show a low percentage of illiterate people , expressed as below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia have over 30% of people who do not know to how read and write .
Developed countries ' figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose sharply , reaching almost 60% in the case of females and exceeding 30% for males .
As we can see , an unequal percentage is shown depending on the area where the people come from .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists . Visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city . Dancing Tango , eating traditional meat or visiting a beautiful library are some of them .
Even if you just want to go shopping for clothes , there are so many places you can go . Palermo is known as a little New York for the designers and well - known brands , and technology is located in Recoleta .
So , Buenos Aires , also known as the Paris of America , gives all visitors the opportunity to meet Argentinian tradition in just one city that includes the history and the culture of the country .
Pontevedra on its way to becoming a green town .
We did not even know what to do with our garbage .
In many countries , it 's considered that relatives are the close family and the only people with whom an individual can be just the way he is .
This point of view is based on , for example , the fact that you share an important bond with your family or that you know everything about some members , like your cousins and they know everything about you .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you can rely on , despite the fact that it 's not always true .
But , family does not always guarantee these functions , and neither do friends .
Therefore , I would just like to remark that family does not mean relatives , but those people with whom you can feel at home .
That is , in any place , suddenly you could find someone who could become your closest relative .
During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I described the same things from the geographical aspects .
Here we found some very expert guides who took us on a good tour around the park and the harbor reserve .
They had improved their knowledge by having experience of the field .
We had to go to a library to spend a lot of time finding information we needed on the shelves before .
On the other hand , we can access the information with just a click nowadays .
Clearly , the assessment has become much more efficient with computers and the internet .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using the internet , is the vast amount of information contained on it .
At the same time , some sources contain pornography and violent information , which makes many people afraid of using the internet to search for information .
It has five storeys and is one of the tallest historical buildings in Kyoto .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for creating a beautiful , nervous mood in stories or paintings .
It means " very scared and nervous " , because the temple is very tall and it gives people such a feeling .
Next week I am going to throw a similar party for my birthday .
Currently , I am studying Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
It 's nice to hear from you . As soon as you arrive there are some secure options for you .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
If you need more information about it , please call me when you arrive .
I am writing because I recently saw your advertisement and I am interested in it .
I have some free months and I want to earn some money .
I am studying Civil Engineering and I am a very energetic person , and I think that this ability is essential for the job that you are seeking to fill .
For all the reasons that I have given you , I am sure that this summer would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
I think that it is a really good option to get experience and to do different and interesting things , like organise sports activities and fun activities for children .
He did n't mention it was a horror movie .
When I watched until the middle of the film , it was scary .
I have already worked in a similar position on a camp several times and looked after children aged 8 - 12 .
2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually eat and at what time of the day .
I think it 's very interesting to discover how foreign people usually eat .
It 's typical to eat pasta as a starter at lunch .
It is common to have meat as a main course .
It 's more common to eat pizza .
I hope this information will be useful to you .
The things I like the most about myself are probably my hair , legs , mouth and hands .
You have to set a time to do your tasks .
Finally , it depends on what works for you , because you have to constantly remember the time that you do your tasks .
The Nazis could be everywhere , " he thought , and unlocked the door with a little key .
" he whispered , " someone might hear it . "
Then he calmed down and took a little packet out of his pocket and put it on the floor .
On the other hand , she was related to him by blood and how could he say No ! when she came and begged him for help .
He entered and decided that he would stay over the night .
Well , since my childhood I have always loved weapons . My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I was 15 that I found my real passion , and it was archery . Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that archery is my favorite sport .
If I had the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to not give up , because this is n't an easy sport , and it is more mental than physical .
In fact , the development of different vaccines will mean that it will be possible to get over a great number of diseases .
He was always talking about following your dreams and never giving up .
In 2014 , I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they could n't " come out " because of their managers .
There are a lot of disadvantages to being a star , which normal people do n't realise . For example , not having a private life .
Almost their every secret comes out and they are still judged , criticised or mocked .
That is why a lot of big names suffer from depression or even try to take their life .
They have so much compared with ordinary people . That 's why I think it would be unfair if they also had a private life .
They ought to appreciate what they have and stop complaining about their life , because there are plenty of people , who dream of being them .
They have not got expensive cars , detached houses , they ca n't afford to travel and their only entertainment is watching TV .
To sum up , it is hard to simply claim that famous people deserve to have a private life and to be left alone by paparazzi .
Everyone , from time to time , needs a moment of peace to relax and renew their strength .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed of ; it is normal that always in our lives something will annoy us .
Day by day , the power of consumption increases more and more and one of the areas you can see this is in the traffic .
People who have the resources to buy or hire something and are looking for convenience have a great desire to buy a car .
These things make us think about whether public transport has a future . After all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more convenient by car than by bus .
Cars nowadays have technology that allows both drivers and passengers to have a better journey while listening to music or using the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
People have been debating about whether the private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
It was reported that for one hundred kilometers , each car consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of air pollution .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of fuel , a bus carries fifty people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with mass transportation .
Secondly , it can not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , but people who agree with the idea point out that high - quality and modern public transport such as the Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
can also satisfy passengers who can not travel by plane and need to take long - distance journeys .
In conclusion , public transportation will still be the first choice of people in the future .
Nowadays , higher education is becoming more and more necessary for starting a good career .
In general , most employers prefer applicants who have achieved an academic degree .
After winning another title , he signed a contract with the Ferrari team .
At that point , his work became very hard and stressful because , at that time , Ferrari was n't a very good car . In fact , that car was only able to go fast on straight circuits .
Three years later , after intense work , Michael started to put his feet on the podium again .
Then Ferrari and Michael decided on a new collaboration , so the greatest became a test driver and tried to improve the car outside of the races .
This , unfortunately , was only an excuse . He was only pretending to retire as he had already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
In my opinion , these arguments depend on how efficiently designed the public transport system is , taking into account number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
The city only began to take care of the environment in the last ten years when the studies created technologies aimed at not causing pollution .
On the roofs of the supermarkets there are solar panels and they exploit the sun to produce energy .
These means of generating renewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't pollute .
During the winter the means of transport are efficient and not very expensive , so people can not use their cars .
Besides , when the bamboos flower and seed , they die , so the new bamboos growing enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time , and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
Thus , the aim of this letter is to explore the possibility of getting an internship at your company .
If you want to try , you can ask in some hotel : you are a native English speaker and you could welcome guests at the reception .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous region for wine , and I have already worked in a four - star hotel for high school .
It was a good experience . The hotel had every comfort you can imagine : a restaurant , a spa , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimming pools , a beauty center and a church .
He was friendly and liked Metal Music like me , so we always talked about our favourite groups .
I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm sure that you could find him a great support .
Valpolicella has many sights that are worth seeing : first of all is Lake Garda , a lake with a famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thinking about retirement even though he feels the strength and desire to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I have been thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I was injured and I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that , this year , will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .
" I turned 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship in falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life on jumps and it motivates me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking completely recovery .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I attended before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel like I am at 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February 2015 as the date to return .
The Britain Gary Hunt has already secured the prize for this series and the second to sixth places will be disputed between the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
I am in fourth place , but we are as close to the second as to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools one down and makes one feel less tired during one 's time running .
This is my favorite sport because it improves my health in many ways and boosts the immune system and quality of life .
It even helps reduce your belly !
This way , there will be less trouble when doing the exercise .
It does not matter how hard the players try to win , the only thing that matters is the result .
People do n't stare at a painting in a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge only it .
So , if someone is ever wondering to whether start playing this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
I would recommend them to always remember that , so if things do n't turn out as they expected , they wo n't feel disappointed .
There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazzi who are trying to find out more about their private life .
It is quite hard to have a rest when journalists are trying to find out some exciting things about your private life .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to being in public and they are used to saying something about themselves on camera , so everyone will know about their life .
There are some moments when celebrities need some time to be with their families and friends and journalists must not disturb such moments .
Good to hear from you .
There are a lot of things to visit here .
It is clear that staff would spend more time on their tasks if they were motivated by their boss , while unmotivated employees are more likely to put less effort into their jobs .
Many leaders believe that money is the best . However , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivating employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
Outside , it was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but , nevertheless , we continued walking through the trees , when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael . When we went out , he was in front of the house , making strange sounds . When he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevolent way , then made us go back inside .
To conclude , I hope my advice will be helpful for new beginners in this sport .
In fact , there are always lots of people every day , so I recommend booking at least one week before going .
Without a shadow of a doubt , I am absolutely sure this would be the best option for our class .
I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' , I changed my point of view .
Everything came us a surprise and you did n't expect that this or that action would take place .
Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers , under no circumstances should we miss it !
The profile of millions of recent graduates and professional people in Spain is one of a young person , well prepared and without work who is thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
Working abroad can offer you a good opportunity . Maybe it would never happen in your own country instead .
Furthermore , as is well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your living standard may improve the same as your career path .
I also have a little rabbit who is called Frippe . He is so cute and cuddly .
called " Djursholms ridskola " and on Sundays I often go
When I was eight years old , I visited Thailand . It was wonderful and we stayed at a hotel so close to the beach I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
One day we went out to three different islands in a diving group .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister go to Switzerland to go skiing in the Alps . It 's wonderful and really fun .
We have been to Champéry a couple of times .
We have also been to Verbier . I loved the cabin we slept in there .
Three words that describe me best are , perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist .
A weakness I would like to overcome is that I often think or say " I will do that later " and never do it or say the same thing when it 's time to do it .
Some of the books I like are " Only Way is Up " and " Steal the Show " and were written by Emmy Abrahamson . I think she is a very good author . Another author I like is John Boyne who wrote " The Terrible Thing that Happened to Barnaby Brocket " .
Right now I am reading a book called " The Maze runner " . It is very exciting .
Basically , the method is based on developing the main foundations of movement of the human body . These are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped movement , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , from a teenager , he used to do a lot of exercises .
The roots of Parkour were developed by him and he taught some Parkour techniques to the firemen who he used to work with .
Some people say that David created Parkour but , in fact , his father developed all the ideas of the discipline .
Therefore , it is due to its philosophy and the joy that I feel before , during and after a training session , that Parkour is my favorite sport .
For a lot of people , travelling in your own car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport like buses or the metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , which is very common when you take public transport .
On the one hand , public transport helps you avoid wasting money , because the price of the ticket is not very expensive .
The reason is that when you use a car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or bus , a lot of people travel at the same time as you .
However , changes always have a negative side .
According to the latest studies , pollution has increased this year in the biggest cities whereas it has gone down in villages .
At school , children are learning how to use less water or electricity at home .
I hope these simple actions can be used by other people because the environment needs us to work together for a better world .
He had to supervise his employees and this way did n't take him so much time .
You can have a delicious coffee , tea or cake and you can admire the beauty .
It may not be your cup of tea , but I think it 's the most interesting and beautiful place in our town . I 'm looking forward to seeing you !
If you get tired of wandering the streets , then you can always enter the big shopping store , Magasin , for more indoor shopping .
Fashion is a popular topic .
I talked about this topic with a few other students and asked them what there opinion was .
An argument some used was : ' In case we removed this whole industry , then there would be a humongous group of people unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
This question made the other group think a bit , and they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
They said that if you wanted to be a model , you had to fit in a size of clothing which is really small .
A lot of girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' , and get anorexia and those things .
In their opinion , young people , including themselves , are very busy with fashion and clothes .
An example on which they all agreed was : ' In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose who you had to sit next to , most people would sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
I asked them the question : ' If you liked a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then buy it ? '
I had been gardening since the beginning of the morning , when the postman arrived .
At that moment , my dog was playing with a ball that was small and green .
I was not expecting any letters .
Students who are not allowed to drive are still using public transportation and they always will do .
Insurance is so expensive in North America , most householders do not use a car because of insurance , and also because of added costs like fixing the cars , changing car oil etc .
Finally , none will argue about the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not exclude public transportation .
Although I was watching it from backstage , the atmosphere was the same as if I 'd been watching it in front of the stage together with other fans .
There was a lot of work during the concert preparation .
We had to check if everything was correct : sound , light , special effects .
Besides , we had to see if the band had everything that they needed : something to eat and to drink . I was responsible for that .
Even though we have finished the term exams , they only gave us a week free .
But once , one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was going to be OK .
Grodno is situated at the crossroads of great trading routes , that 's why one can hear Polish , Jewish , German , and Lithuanian there .
Its multi - ethnic population was the reason for organising and holding the Festival of National Cultures every two years .
It 's worth visiting because the traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish being shown make us feel history itself .
The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve , or zoo , make it very attractive to tourist visitors .
This is where you will find several shops that sell most African traditional artifacts .
I would advise tourists to pay this market a visit to enable them to have choices of priceless products .
In developed countries , four wheels have gained a lot of appreciation in everyday transportation .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its peak for the 21st century , it is most probable that green mobility will overtake it and dominate in people 's choices .
I 'm pretty excited about being in London from the 11th .
Do n't worry about not recognising me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but , to reassure you , I will be carrying a bright orange suitcase .
What could it be ?
I would like to visit Big Ben and many other places that you suggest , but I do n't really want to see ordinary tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
The best places for young people to visit in New York ?
Times Square is a good site for shopping too , although the excessive amount of advertising is a little bit annoying .
Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , anthropology and seeing a lot of types of art .
In contrast , if you use public transport , you have to pay expensive fares and buy different tickets .
On the other hand , if we do n't use public transport and every person uses a car , pollution will increase a lot .
Finally , we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but it should be better supervised and maintained .
Usually , journalists also follow them all the time .
Sometimes it happens that journalists write some silly gossip about famous people which is not true .
It may be a danger for the family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , and because of it some could break up .
They want to be rich and famous and they know that journalist will follow them .
If you 're a queen , a member of a royal family , from your birth you 'll be observed by the press and magazines .
I mean some people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language through the different programs that television offers or just use subtitles to make it simple .
Besides , you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if a lot of serious situations are occurring in your country .
Children learn a lot of things through cartoons , it can help them to improve their speaking and to learn new vocabulary .
I have always believed I can become an engineer and computer technician to invent more things since I was small .
After I received more and more information about some successful engineers and inventors such as Steve Jobs , I realizes that , no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
I like the feeling of getting sweaty and have a great passion for swimming .
Therefore , to keep my body healthy and my interest , I have kept taking part in the School Aquathon since I was in the second one . I participate in the same events each year .
It allows me to know my body 's condition and whether I have relapsed .
Besides , it gives me a motivation to train harder and never think of giving up , and that I need to keep up my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
I learnt how to set a proper goal as it is a significant factor in success .
This goal pushes me to do better and better each time .
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after taking part in the School Aquathon and saw others improve and not just me .
I think learning and trying different kinds of things can change my school life to make it more colorful .
School work and examinations give me huge pressure , so I found a way to strike a balance when I learnt to do windsurfing .
When I step on the surf board , all my vexation and misgivings are gone .
On that day , I found something wrong with my position on the results board . I was shocked and decided to protest about the wrongdoings of the race committee .
Also , I trained my body and became more healthy .
It is part of my dream to make an invention to solve the problem in the future .
To find out more information about having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
After undergoing this experience , I can totally understand their needs and I got my new goal of helping them in the future .
I have got a greater passion for engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
Through this colorful school life , I have had different types of experience and I have finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
I think it is not a good engineer who only has skills in engineering .
Therefore , I think my experience can train me to be admitted as a suitable candidate in engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
People differ from each other and everyone has different professions .
Being a politician or a film star have something in common : those people are famous .
I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people , which should remain a secret for other people .
There are a lot of cases where journalists make it difficult for a celebrity to leave some place because there were so many of those journalists .
Besides , being followed by unknown people must be quite a scary experience .
Some people would say that it 's necessary for ordinary people to know how a politician lives so they can know if he should be trusted .
I make lots of grammatical mistakes when I am speaking and writing .
I like reading books and travelling to different countries and getting to know there culture .
It 's known that over the years the system has improved and new means of transport have been offered , such as trains and trolleys , all of them with just one objective : to transport a mass of people quickly .
On the other hand , the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves has gone up over the last few years , and one of the main reasons they have a car is because of the comfort . Also , they claim that they can get to their work faster than by public transport .
Michael sat on the bus and took out his diary to calculate how much he would have to invest in the tennis court .
She asked him when the bus was going to depart but Michael replied that he was also not aware of the departure time .
The bus started after half an hour and Michael started talking with his parents over the phone and discussing his business .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered him chips , but he refused .
This is how they started their conversation and , while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they had known each other for a long time ... they became attracted to each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning , so Michael offered to drop her at home and the girl accepted with a smile .
At that time , they did n't feel like parting but they had to and Michael dropped her home and returned to his own home .
After returning home , Michael flashed back to what he did on the bus .
Michael took a deep breath and looked at the door that was still open .
This advertisement sought a group of young people to work in summer camps all over the USA .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I am twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because all this year I have been at an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 . My partner and I organised water activities when the weather was good , . On the other hand , when the weather was bad we organised puzzle games , adventure games , etc .
Michale will never forget the day as long as he lives .
Honestly , as an eight - year - old boy who knew close to nothing about Christianity , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than that of a three - year - old child .
Anxiousness got the better of him as he prepared himself to enter the sanctuary .
In his mind , the only reason he was there was just to see the girl he had a crush on and to meet some of her church friends .
Some years ago , people believed that private cars would be the main vehicles for getting around , but nowadays , due to the economic crisis , most people have changed their minds . They believe that public transport will be the main way to get around in the future for many reasons .
First of all , travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars have to pay for gas , insurance , repairs , environment fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot of car accidents due to drivers being drunk .
I strongly believe that , in the near future , public transport will be the main vehicles for travelling around the world , safely and cheaply .
As he could n't sleep anymore , he got dressed and took his brother to the park .
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and warned the young boys to go to their house and wait until this unfortunate event was over .
Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know where to get answers .
While they were walking back home , they heard a journalist commenting on what incident had happened in the park .
The only thing they could clearly hear was : - But this can only be caused by contamination , although this windy day hasn't helped .
Jackson stopped walking and was distracted by a beautiful dog Michael continued on his way , unaware that Jackson was n't following him .
Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts , he drew his own conclusions as to what might have happened .
What I disagree with in this video is that he generalizes too much .
I think it is cool to have a social network , and there is nothing wrong with letting kids enjoy the technology that has become part of our generation .
However , they must be supervised , especially by their parents .
I believe the old values should be taught to children in schools .
I am afraid more people will go through the same thing .
After that , we can go to a cafe and have some good coffee .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best places where people can do sports or can attend a yoga class in the open air .
Finally , people can experience the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which is really crowded from 19:00 till late .
In Mendez 's house in the suburbs , Reilly finds some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage , quickly brushes it aside and sees a hole in the ground .
She knew that he would be staying away for so long but she would wait .
She loved him and no World War was able to separate them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming . It was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor , just like Jason 's father .
She was so excited and happy . She did n't know what she could write to her lover , she realised that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
She could n't stop smiling because she had just realised that she would n't be alone anymore .
The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommended shops that might appeal to tourists with different interests .
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionate about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " are dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
To sum up , fame is ambivalent and people who want to be famous should realize it before becoming a star .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we can manage an interview on Skype in the next few days .
How do famous people feel and what do they miss ?
Everyone deserves his own privacy , his own peace , time just for himself , and famous people do too .
They may hurt these people . They may ruin their lives just by using a bad word .
It must be really stressful when you ca n't go anywhere without journalists following you .
My town only uses electric cars because they do n't give off carbon dioxide .
Moreover , in large crowded cities , using the underground or buses is usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress for sad drivers during their commutes .
For that reason , encouraging the use of public transport has been the main concern of most modern governments .
However , that is really close to being changed by Google 's Self - Drive Car , which is a new technology able to drive a car to any destination without human intervention .
For instance , imagine going to work and ordering the car to go to park at home after taking your children to school .
In addition , many other improvements like electric engines from Tesla are adding new benefits to this new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit of whatever I want when I dance and only a few people judge me .
My dad 's name is Björn and he likes Tang So Do and swimming . He is 52 years old .
Last month I was working at a concert by decorating the stage and it seriously came out better than I expected it to .
I was happy helping those people , because money from the tickets was donated to a nursing home .
Nowadays , people care more about themselves and doing good things is wrong for some of them !
I 'm sad when I see a nursing home but , you know , there , people will never say whether they do bad or good and , at the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
I am really happy you wrote to me for some advice and I am very honoured that you want to spend some time in my country .
Now you have got lots of free time and I think that you must do a really good tour of my country .
First , you have to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Italy , because if you do a full immersion tour of the entire Peninsula you will visit only half of all you have to visit .
If you decide to visit the north part , I think it would be good if you started from Trento and its new museum of nature called Muse .
If you are a little bit tired of all this touring , you can go to Sicily , where a beautiful and special landscape welcomes you .
There are lots of things to visit in Sicily and the most important cities are : Palermo , Messima , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
The idea of finding a job that lasts three months is great .
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your ability , so I think that you could take some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts .
Personally , I disagree with the view that money is the most important consideration for choosing a job , because there are several equally important factors .
Working in a company which is built on good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily bring fulfillment and sustain passion for your job for a long time .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers a sense of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the quality of work may increase greatly .
For example , the cost of food , drinks and commodities needs the support of a steady income .
Furthermore , we may need much more money to do some activities , such as worldwide travel or camping for days .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care will be increasingly important with people getting older . Hence having enough money as a stable income can not be disregarded .
There are certain procedures at the beginning of a class which encourage you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
As a martial artist , you start to achieve great fitness and your balance will improve a lot , as well as your flexibility .
Only then does it start to be great fun and you certainly will not regret that you have taken it up . Enjoy ! !
I 'm writing to reply to one of your advertisements published in the local newspaper last week .
As well as taking part in activities relating to cooking .
We can meet each other in the centre and then we can visit the city all together .
The perfect outfit might be a pair of trousers , a t - shirt and a jacket .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as advertised on your website .
It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion , this was a trick .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer your apologies and compensation for all the disturbance caused to me , I will go to the authorities .
I live here with my wonderful family consisting of my mum , Aylin , my dad , Tom , my two really annoying brothers , Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats , Tiger and Smilla .
I have got my own camera . It 's a Canon .
I wanted to go out to her , so I opened the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
Suddenly , a powerful wind made the door blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .
And today I have got normal fingers .
These are the most important facts about me .
Public transport has been made accessible by reducing the fares and making it free for students .
Nowadays there is a lot of information about health , having good eating habits , sleeping the number of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
In my case , I really like doing spinning . I used to do it only twice per week but now I do that any time I can .
I think that , in particular , spinning is a hard sports activity because when you have spent approximately 1 hour on your bike you 'll probably feel tired .
During the process , people work their legs a lot , mixing different positions and speeds . And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
If you want to lose weight , this type of sport is perfect because it belongs to the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food , whereas it is suitable for people that only do exercise for entertainment .
Furthermore , from the first time that I was in the gym , I have got to know nice and friendly sportsmen who try to give me advice not only on how to improve my techniques but on how to avoid injury too .
Although it is kind of hard for young people who have finished school finally , to understand that it 's definitely not finished yet , education does n't stop from then on and it is one of the most important things to continue going to school .
Trying to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those dreams are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
These days , shopping has become one of the best ways to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone likes it .
In the big shopping centres your purse can be stolen by pickpockets and you can lose a lot of money .
Personally , I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like looking good .
So , for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I am trying on new clothes which suit me .
But I do not like wasting my time , so I usually go shopping on Mondays , because after the weekend the shops are always empty .
First of all , it could be said that society is spending more time doing relaxing things , such as going to the beach or meeting friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people are becoming lazier .
In contrast , technology has been becoming more useful and it could do work that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
In other words , it could be said that if we had more free time , our lives would become better , because we can enjoy ourselves with friends and do things with our family .
You ca n't imagine how excited I am about travelling to the UK !
After all those letters we have sent each other , now we can meet for real .
I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visit once I get there , for example , Piccadilly Circus .
At a glance it seems very original and special , does n't it ?
I think it would be fascinating to go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenirs for my family .
Oh and given you 're a huge soccer fan like I am , what about planning a match involving some friends of yours ?
My country has been attacked by Russia .
Friendship is one of the most valuable sentiments for people , especially for people who in their school days .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others is always an exciting part of social life .
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some argue that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable . However , from where I stand , joining a sports team is undoubtedly the best choice .
Therefore , joining a sports team where they can share similar interests and relax is the easiest way to get to know each other .
They got to know each other because they both joined the same sports team , and then after exercising and playing together , they finally become two enviable friends .
How are you ? Have you got anything new to tell me ?
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit myself to only one , I choose the centre of the city .
In case of any questions , please , write me an e - mail and I will answer them with pleasure .
I personally love to go shopping and spend my money on new clothes .
Taking part in the camp was wonderful because I helped with planning the activities .
Finally , I am a master in the kitchen . I really enjoy making desserts and I was on a cooking course last summer . In fact , I have experience in the kitchen .
And I know my abilities with kids . I am a patient , confident and organized person .
I am particularly interested in dealing with various types of foods and meeting new people .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home , which takes about 10 minutes to go to on foot and I have 2 days off a week . That gives me the opportunity to take on a new job .
I luxuriate the making of the spellbinding models and the gift we got to pick in the dinosaur shop .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listen to music . My favorite music type is rock and , of course , my favorite band is Green Day and , of course , then my favorite song is Stray Hearts ( Green Day ) .
I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins and Peter Pan , but I ca n't watch dog movies because if there 's something sad , like the dog dies , then I will cry .
It 's located in Rosario , Argentina .
It was opened on June 20 , 1957 and was built by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
In recent years , social media sites have developed and penetrated our society as the essentials rapidly .
While social media sites make our society more convenient and more comfortable compared with the past , they simultaneously bring with them some issues .
Most Bulgarian parents do not agree with their children starting school at 6 years old .
However , the Bulgarian government was thinking about changing the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
I think I ca n't compare the education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studying at university in Australia .
Many green zones have been created .
We had a number of problems . The first one concerns the number of beds . You offered space to sleep for six people , so we expected six beds , but we only had five .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with food . In your brochure it said that we would have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one , which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
Also , food will change in the future . Capsules of your favourite foods will be available in the future in mobile supermarkets . These capsules will turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on them .
You can watch whatever you want , whenever you want ! There 's always something to watch for everybody .
I think that we should promise ourselves that we will just watch a maximum of 1 hour 's TV every day .
By the way , on that day everybody was celebrating the Day of the City .
We felt happy because we had not seen each other for a long time .
Lots of modern messenger services like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk and chat as much as we want .
I have qualifications in teaching children . I am a graduate teacher from University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience of adventure sports . I like the country and mountains .
I do not have experience of working in kitchens , but I like cooking . I live alone and I do the housework myself and the meals .
To find out about other cultures and get new knowledge completely different from school .
To conclude , I think after school we need to apply for university in order to continue working on what we like .
As the number of traffic accidents has increased dramatically over the years , finding the best solutions has put the government under pressure as to whether to implement stricter penalties or use alternative regulations .
Nobody wants to pay an expensive fine or spend time in prison , so fear of punishment might be effective and prevent people committing the offence a second time .
Its penalties , depending on the severity , could include fines , licence suspension , community service or imprisonment .
People easily have accidents when driving on narrow or severely damaged streets .
However , the increasing rate of car ownership has been taking the place of public transportation , providing more convenience for getting around places and to places .
Travelling by car gives flexibility in our schedule .
We do not have to worry about catching a bus or train at a certain time .
This convenience of cars enables us to use our time efficiently .
Maintaining cars has associated costs .
Not to mention that not everyone can afford to keep a car on their budget .
In other perspective , cars require driving .
In conclusion , cars are convenient . However , they are not for everyone .
Our congregation has run educational family camps with the support of NNNs Integration programme for 8 years .
The health improvements of some children could be considered a miracle .
A reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations has led to our camp not being possible this year .
We are asking you not to be indifferent to disabled children and to provide feasible help .
The idea that newspapers will disappear with time due to people 's attitude towards surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
They ca n't stand one day without skimming through their pages with a cup of tea in the morning .
It is obvious that the daily newspapers having a respectable reputation are the ones which will be accepted by thousands of people .
In light of the foregoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect towards globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
Last week , a friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and said that she thought it was a magic place .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe : comfortable chairs and sofas , beautiful features and really good - tasting coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think of .
Although the most important thing is that there were not only friendly staff but they looked like they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
I 'm 50 years old and I live in a little town named Monza .
This sport is not so hard , and it gives me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and can be done outdoors and not in a closed sports hall .
When I come back from my job in the afternoon , I put on something comfortable , take my bike and go away along the streets alone with my thoughts and no one can disturb me .
Whenever I go out with my bike , I stay on the road for two hours and I enjoy this time to myself so much that I 'd like to remain outside for ever .
The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey and about getting to know her grandparents .
That is to say , most small stores may have their own logos on mugs or even T - shirts and you are more likely to find handmade products in them .
For instance , my friends once bought a nice scruff with a cute animal figure in a small store and I really liked it after she showed me .
Therefore , the next day she took me back to the store . We found out that they did not have the same scruff because it was the only one .
Second , it is true that shopping in a shopping center is fast and convenient , because one can buy all types of things together .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in small stores because I am more likely to find the one and the only product , while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
The changes to television are evident . This could be because society is changing too .
And sometimes , programmes are too aggressive and give people bad messages .
On the other hand , there are some channels which show documentaries and programmes about specific subjects like science , math or history .
I had a great time with my friends , but I have a few comments concerning the organisation .
I was impressed by a cabaret who performed during the festival .
You should think about reducing prices or offering special discounts , for example , for students .
According to Russell and Norwing , robots are special machines that have intelligence to carry out activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and has been embedded in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , the armed forces , education , industry and agriculture .
We need to analyze and investigate the main problems to find solutions which might heal our world .
Reusing things that we do n't utilize any more ( like clothes , furniture … ) and giving them a ' second life ' .
If we ignore them , the earth will get worse .
To help you , I need to know what you prefer to do .
If you wanted to go to the beach , I 'd tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches , because they are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
You have to spend some days in Fernando de Noronha .
If you want to come here in the winter , you have to explore the South .
For work , I advise you to come to Sao Paulo .
I hope that I have helped you and will see you soon .
Even though studying a language has become easier because of the internet , fluency is harder to achieve when you study by yourself .
Brazilians need to learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
In Brazil , regular schools teach students the basic aspects of the language and do not let them become immersed in the language .
Learning English as a foreign language will have a huge impact on Brazilians ' professional lives , helping them to get a better position .
Learning English as a second language will help Brazilians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers .
She was going to the national championships in swimming and she had been preparing since last summer .
But the daily duties which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her a strong will to succeed .
She knew that besides her , the race would be attended by the best girls from all over the country .
Only after a while , after a few quick and short breaths did it occur to her that she had fulfilled her biggest dream .
Teaching could be a stimulating working environment for students and teachers if it combined a rewarding career and the improvement of teaching skills .
I scored 56% in my last test .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
I will commit myself to doing my best to make your summer camp one of the best .
It is said that there is no future for public transportation . I used to think that when I was young , but it has changed as I am getting older .
But this changed recently . I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive .
Most developed countries developed a public transportation system to lower the impact of a growing population .
Shared costs make the huge expense of developing and building the public transport system possible .
Public transportation is proved to require less energy consumption .
I still think the public transportation system will keep on growing in such a crowded era .
How long have you not used public transportation for ? Do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
The very well developed highways , roads , and city streets provide a good foundation for cars . Look at North America , highways have been built everywhere . It 's really your loss if you do n't drive a car .
Second , people start to learn to drive at the age of 16 , and they can master driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) . Soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still driving to their destinations as they are used to it .
So who can be bothered to take public transportation anymore ?
All in all , public transport is not as fast as a car can be , it 's not as convenient as a car can be , so its future is in doubt .
Look around you , crimes and death are surrounding us . All these people are dreaming of living a peaceful life without all the problems of killing and sadness .
People are fighting as hard as they can just to achieve a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
The war in my country made me feel no longer safe .
For that reason , I believe that being safe is absolutely better than being sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that life will go on and one day all of us will be satisfied with this life .
In conclusion , I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy , because you live a calm life without anything making you sorry .
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain . They have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
This hobby gives me pleasure and a good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
I started this hobby in 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of singing birds . I spend one day in the week taking care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , changing the water .
I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it gives us the sense of nature and fills the house with joy and happiness .
By increasing the variety of cars with new technology , people 's demand hasn't ' stopped .
But are these newcomers going to be replaced by public transport ?
As technology enhances the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it because of many different attractions that these cars have .
Furthermore , there are advantages to travelling by car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs are less in comparison with a plane .
But it 's not possible that everyone has and uses their own car .
In that case , there would be huge chaos .
Traffic jams will cost a lot , causing problems such as pollution , which certainly causes more health problems and will create expenses not only for us , but for others as well .
The solution is public transport again , which increases the pace of life and makes it easy to access by subways and special roads .
Furthermore , during my studies at university I worked on 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
Apart from that , I get on well with children and have no problems with working in the kitchens too .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Studying English in your country lets you continue working or studying without changing your habits .
Studying English abroad is the better alternative , but it has advantages and disadvantages .
" Atacama 33 " is a recent American movie that tells the true story of a group of miners that were trapped in a mine 700 metres underground in Chile for two months .
However , the first 17 days in the movie could become a bit tedious because the director focused on every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
The characters were perfect because they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involved in the real accident .
Antonio Banderas did an excellent job acting as a desperate leader committed to the local people .
Despite some details , I think you must n't miss this film if you want to know the truth about the recent miracle called " the Chilean miners " .
It is universally accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Everyone knows that shopping is a good way to spend time and get positive emotions or just relax .
However , shopping can have a bad effect on our health , especially as we can feel tired or exhausted at the end of a hard day .
At the same time , there is one more opinion : that shopping is always enjoyable .
People claim that shopping can make our mood better , which in consequence will be fun .
What is more , we only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching for .
On the negative side , the use of the Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although searching is faster , we can get distracted looking at other things on account of the attractions of the Internet .
The last low sound of the doorbell managed to wake me up . " I am not dreaming " , I thought , " Who is ringing at this time?"Then I jumped out of bed and quickly went downstairs .
But you were in Ireland . What are you doing here ? I was n't expecting you . " "
I wanted to surprise you , sister ! I miss you .
Oh , I miss you too and I was looking forward to seeing you .
I hope you are going to spend a lot of time now with me . " "
I think it is an amazing project that you are doing .
Also , it plays a great role in removing the borders between nations . In a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just to talk to a friend .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people , such us helping with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , email services such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
Obviously , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because the whole day we are connected , in our houses , on mobile phones and on computers at work .
I think it is a bohemian way to travel too , because the train used to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in literature .
Although experts say the plane is the safest means of transport , I continue to think it is very dangerous .
In conclusion , my main problem is concern about how safe the means of transport that I take is , so , the train lets me be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
A feature of volleyball is that the players have to rotate their positions while they are scoring points .
In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball because it is a fun sport which you can play with a lot of people , eleven people to be precise .
I suggest to new players of volleyball that they should start step by step .
Wear comfortable clothes and suitable shoes .
Young people may face some health issues , making bad choices , like drugs and alcohol and also a negative body image , including crash dieting , eating disorders and obesity .
Maybe a lot of people that are fat do n't have the time to do exercise , or they have other reasons , but that is not an excuse , they have to have the habit of eating healthy food .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy diet , and do physical activity .
To get to the place they were holding the workshop in , you had to go to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emits a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light , the synthesizer 's pitch rises .
In my second placement , I had to do lots of administrative work , including typing .
The article and the lecture are about the attitude towards conducting medical experiments on animals .
The lecturer opposes this idea , as , in her view , medical experiments on animals should not be conducted .
Firstly , the author informs us about the impossibility of discovering new types of drugs .
Thirdly , the author considers that such tests keep animal suffering to a minimum .
The professor counters this point by explaining that hydrogen is , in fact , not easily found .
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in a pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to keep under -200 degrees Celsius .
The professor contradicts the idea by saying that will not solve the pollution problem , because it needs to be purified in order to be used .
That meant that after some months I was able to read sheet music .
But a few months before the concert , disaster struck !
My sister fell off her bike and hurt her wrist .
At the end of the concert , everybody applauded . had I never felt so good .
He decided not to use violence in this kind of action , because he was concerned about fighting against the Vietnam War and poverty .
He was murdered in 1968 , in Memphis . He was 39 years old .
However , the relation between the quality and the price of products is believed to be the most essential reason to visit Cáceres .
In general , shops are concentrated in a specific zone so that tourists can find what they are interested in very easily .
In general , tourists think shops should be opened at midday as they are foreigners and like to buy things after seeing the sights around the city .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the old town , as it has a medieval charm which attracts visitors at that time .
Overall , the majority of tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and , besides , it is very enjoyable to have a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around looking at the main clothes shops situated in the main street before going to the heritage town .
I 'm glad to hear from you and I want you to come to Russia for your holidays .
In addition , a few years ago , the Big Theater was restored and has regained its original appearance .
People were really excited about the show . They just had three costume changes , but the show was amazing , and the lights and the sound were fantastic .
I could n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it . It was the best experience ever . I wish you could have been there to see that .
The student had a great number of assignments and projects , so he spent more time on accessing the library , becoming more ambitious to study books , and using a computer to search the for latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired of doing papers , and went to the gym to play basketball .
Therefore , not only did he get high scores in the reports , having absorbed a great deal of knowledge at the library , but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gym .
when I studied at university . I sat in classes for hours every day .
When I finished classes , I liked to go to the health center , not only to do exercises , but to stay healthy .
That 's why I like to go to a school with good facilities and widespread information to help me to be a successful person .
In addition , my academic education also stands out in my student life .
Many times , when people leave high school and they go to University , they realise after several months that the course they had chosen is not for them .
You can work , travel , go on an exchange study program , rest and do something that you are interested in .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and a one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday , and in addition , I 'd like to learn in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
Twenty years ago , no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become necessities of our daily lives . Nowadays , many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
The iPad , smartphones , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common - they have changed our lives dramatically .
It is sad to say that the future generations have no choice but to adapt to the changes in order to survive .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I get on well with kids .
The film is about a movie shooting and the adventures of a film crew which is in Bolivia .
They try to make a film which explains how Christoph Colomb discovered America and talks about what Colomb 's aims were .
They come across some problems while they are shooting the film and this supplies quite a few strong highlights .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest from a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , there are some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into chaos and then the film starts to give some social and political messages .
The messages are very important ones which affected me .
The private companies try to keep all the public 's water , which is vital for living , rain is in danger ; even the rain …
If the government provided good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines , then people would rather use public transport than travel by car .
Nowadays , the world is facing big issues , like climate change and carbon emissions .
Governments should promote the best mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emissions and people would be encouraged to go green .
Many times , because of huge traffic congestion on the road , we waste our time , while using public transport like the Metro saves us time .
There are many cities in the world planning car free days and promoting the use of public transport .
In this fast - moving world , shopping is one of the most important things , but I strongly believe it is not always enjoyable .
Second , if you ca n't control your shopping habits , you will buy more and more things you do n't need , so that you could have a problem with your budget .
In my experience , being in front of the screen of a personal computer , you will be able to express and exchange ideas or opinions as easily as if you have to in front of someone else .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
To clarify what the situation is , it is true that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reading a blog can give people a practical way to communicate and share preferences , beliefs or thoughts . however , more or less reliable .
After drinking water from the bottle , he fell over on the grass and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
Two hours later , they were in the emergency room of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were treating Jon ' s leg .
If Peter had not run , perhaps Jon would have died .
description I found at http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know whether you are
I wish I could
Programming is fun and math concepts are absorbed much more easily through it .
Nowadays , I live in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " . With this game I showed them what chemistry is . We cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " sweets , then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught them what happens when you mix two substances .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like nature . I could teach them a lot of things about Geology , a camp is perfect for introducing the boys and girls to stones and minerals .
My parents ' names are Susanna and Peder .
Bonti is very old . She is 13 and she is feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive much longer .
I play basketball in my free time and hang out with my friends from my old school .
We all have things in common , like riding scooters .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still in contact with them and this trip was two summers ago .
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistic and it could happen in the real world sometime .
But if you haven't read it , I suggest you read it .
I have seen all the episodes and I still watch it because it 's so good .
It does actually remind me of my favorite video game , which is called " Minecraft " . You must have heard about it .
I have been playing tennis since I was four years old .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places and attending open - air activities , people also want to see the museums of the city they visit .
First of all , people visit museums to learn the history of the city being visited . We know that museums are generally established to exhibit special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to exhibit modern belongings .
For example , when you go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belonging to American history and also other countries ' history .
Many items in museums have cultural value as well as historical value .
If you are bored with seeing classical museums , you can go to thematic museums such as a natural history museum .
It can be amazing to see different species of animals which are no longer living .
In sum , museums are attractive places for tourists to find out about the city they are visiting .
In addition to having lots of information , we also can have fun seeing interesting things in the museums , such as huge dinosaurs . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you visit .
Increasingly , people prefer to use public transport rather than drive a car for these reasons .
And now , when cities are expanding , public transport will be more important than ever .
The last decades there has been a massive change in our lives . This is caused by the development of the internet .
There have been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on social life .
The internet is becoming important for our studies because of the availability of information sources .
Almost everybody has at this moment at least one account on a social media network like Facebook or LinkedIn .
I think we should use the internet carefully and keep using it with caution .
However , over time I began to understand how to play and I liked it much more than in the past .
In fact , when I was sixteen years old , I began to go to the stadium with my friends every Sunday .
He won two national championships and also an important European competition .
Every day in my town , people talk only about football because it can give you a lot of emotions .
On the other hand , my advice that I would give to someone who is starting this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsibility and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
Nowadays , most people travel by car every day instead of using public transport .
In the morning , everyone goes to their job by car , but I think that the real reason for doing this is that we need to do a lot of things during the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason . It 's only a bad habit and maybe we could change it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking a bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love a lot of things in my life , but the most important is : playing tennis .
If you want to start playing this sport , remember that when you are playing every point is important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning by a very big advantage , because , in a few minutes , you could lose the match .
Together with an unofficial Student Council , we created a petition which is to raise the issue with the teaching council .
For this purpose , we need a quiet place to study .
Moreover , pupils demand the possibility to borrow books .
It is the most important matter , because most of us are not able to buy highly educational books .
Our lives have changed a lot since the last century due to technological improvements and changes in society .
This is a difficult question to answer too quickly because we have to take into account that we have not enough knowledge at all to do it .
Another example is cars , which are going the same way as the mobile phone has done .
For instance , one hundred years ago , it was impossible to see a woman working and supporting the whole family alone financially , or studying for a degree at university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that have helped to change people 's lives , such as political decisions , global wars and global economic problems , etc .
To sum up , there are many issues that affect people 's lives and we do not know how they will change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now there will be an important change as happened 50 years ago .
In my opinion , the art gallery , Oko Miasta , would be the best place you could visit with your group .
I recommend it because it is the best place for young people .
This sport consists of beating the rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
In my opinion , grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requires you to be really focused on hitting the ball correctly .
Besides , when you play it , you must move your whole body , because you have to run and guide the ball over the field .
" Okay , I think it 's time I went in " .
Disney has such a lot of amusement parks that make this place fantastic .
Although this place offers a very good service for eating , you can bring your own food .
For the above reasons , I suspect that the share of public transport wo n't decrease , but will rather increase in the future .
Recently , I saw two pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that held my attention from the first minute .
They really held my attention , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not to mention the astonishing actors that gave an impressive performance .
I understand that you require people who have good English , are energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who are able to look after children between 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities and work in the kitchen .
In addition , I helped in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for the children .
In this way , the kids are always up for the challenge and do not give up upon meeting their first obstacle .
In the future he wants to be a general .
We met years ago , when we were babies , because our mothers were and are good friends .
As you might think , he is a very straight person who knows what he wants .
The most important events take place in some different country every four years .
Of course , during these events all the world watches them .
I do n't want to appear too rigid , but I 've seen too many times how people forget the real problems and think only about this thing .
People seem to be distracted from their real life .
During these events , people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the countries love each other without showing racist feelings .
I 'm happy about that , but I still think that it 's not the truth .
I 'd prefer that people demonstrate good behavior independently of international sports events .
On the other hand , sometimes I feel happy during these events because people seems to be so excited .
I 've been interested in playing an instrument since I was a child .
Powders , by adhering physically to the fingerprint residue develop the latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingerprints . Developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingerprints , ninhydrin reacting with amino acid of the fingerprint and developing the latent marks . Single and multi - metal deposition methods work on the principle of deposition and result in the negative development of latent marks .
So , from powders to chemicals , all are in the public eye .
New methods are continually added in the literature and show the importance of fingerprints in the criminal investigation system .
Have you ever wondered why we need sports ?
As we all know , they are an essential part of our life .
These are defined as plant - derived substances that occur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing processes and which manage and cure various health conditions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangir , 2010 ) .
This essay will demonstrate that there is considerable evidence for a possible detrimental affect on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
It is a movie that presents a lot of richness in characters and historical facts .
This is due to the fact that it will teach a lot about French daily life and about what inspires people to improve and do good .
Suddenly , the man turned back and looked at her .
In fact , he was wearing a black suit and a lovely linen tie .
In order to build more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
Such large - scale building projects have created a large amount of problems for both human beings and animals .
People who make their livings by selling the products they obtain from farmland , forests and wetlands will lose their sources of income .
As a result , they will not make enough money to afford their living in urban areas and will even face problems of poverty .
Meanwhile , wild animals which have forests and wetlands as their habitats will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete . Endangered animals will be harder to find after the destruction of their homelands .
They should provide financial support to those who once lived in such destroyed areas and help them develop professional skills to look for good jobs .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , countries would develop better if governments could make efforts to solve the above problems .
In my opinion , there are a few advantages of shopping .
It gives me pleasure and is fun .
Everyone considered him a crazy and boring guy obsessed by his passion , except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to give up his dream .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutionary at the same time , something that could give a new vision of reality , and Kate started to offer some information about many artists .
One night she was working at home . She was in difficulty because no one satisfied her clients .
She immediately picked up the phone and called Michael and she started to explain her project .
After lots of meetings and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , the USA and Oceania , Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child .
Now he was famous and everyone respected him .
Kate told Michael that the fame had made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
Kate was crying a lot but Michael ran away .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people can spend their time outdoors and have fun all day before going out , such a park is called San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people usually have barbecues there after they have done some water sport or rented a boat .
In addition , there is a lot of public transport which can drop you off in front of the park .
At the same time , his parents reached the place and seeing the big crowd and the fire brigade they were horrified .
His parents scolded him and made him make a promise to them that he would n't lie ever in his life again .
This film was about how a previous robbery which had been committed by Vin 's gang leads to the hatred of a criminal played by Jason Statham .
The chasing of Jason vs. Vin was so exciting . Furthermore , a walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason is interrupted by another party .
The end of the story comes when Diesel gets cornered by Jason , suddenly Dwayne came and shot Jason with a machine gun .
The next scene was the demolishing of the whole building as well as the blowing up of Jason 's helicopter .
Finally , Diesel was found alive and was evacuated to the medical center , while Jason was taken to the jail .
Vin 's family lived happily ever after because the enemy was eradicated and the rest got jailed .
This film will keep everyone 's attention because the scenarios , the action scenes , and drama beyond Paul 's death are harmonized rigorously .
Moreover , the special effects which are used are so immense and cause us to feel the emotions of the actors .
I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson . You promised me you would never give up ! You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you achieved it .
But again , you never gave up and now you play in the 3rd Orchestra in Town , which shows how big you are .
Then , once we got on the car , I 'd let the music we had planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any words .
Only after driving for a while would I ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he hasn't told me about but is keen to mention now .
I 'm convinced he 'd speak his thoughts at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt would slip out .
By now , he will be able to answer for himself many questions he 's been troubled by .
It is a hard sport , but when you are doing it , you forget all your problems .
You just need to practise .
Everyone should do a sport . When you are doing it , you do n't think about anything else .
Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to take people from one place to another .
Try to imagine if everyone in the city had his or her own vehicle . We would always be late due to the terrible traffic jams .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning to avoid the traffic jams to attend school , work , etc .
Too many vehicles in a crowded city will increase the carbon dioxide emissions .
In conclusion , public transportation will still play an important role in transportation in a city , unless environmentally - friendly vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well to accommodate a huge number of cars .
That experience taught me how important it is to do whatever you are required to do - such as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful later in life .
For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city . He was required to run around the pool for 30 minutes .
Nobody had noticed that the president of the social club had an award for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollars for his effort .
As you can see , my friend missed the opportunity because he did n't like what he was asked to do .
If you would rather avoid essential or required things , you 'll miss many chances to succeed .
Some people say that the computer changes the way people see the world , and this changes the way in which humans perceive everything that happens around the world or only in their social life .
For example , one person can be informed about what is happening on the other side of the world with just a click .
Overall , people are divided as to what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity . I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of history like paper or the wheel did , it changes every aspect of a human 's life .
Movie companies offer all kinds of movies , so everybody can choose something that they like .
Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some questions and I would be really pleased if you could give me this necessary information .
First of all , I want to know what water sports you offer , because our group of students would probably be interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surfing , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
For example , for doing diving , do you provide all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
In my opinion , this statement could be made by a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers to travel in a free way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
In my view , using public transport in this case has two important advantages : the first one is you do n't have to worry about parking ; the second one is you can move in a relaxed way , reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the price of petrol is continuously rising , but also because you have to pay high taxes for the car .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than doing it by public transport , it is not probable that it will disappear in the near future .
As I see it , there are several ways to improve , it because we are trying to invent a lot of things every day .
You may not think , it but when you are just thinking , you may have the chance to invent something new and useful for humanity .
Inventors work years to achieve their goals . They are working on their projects every day , like you .
If the bus drivers could follow their timetables there would n't be any argument .
They would only follow orders and would n't be late and there would not be any arguments .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides her not having got married , her sister had died in a car accident . It had been a terrible accident . Her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crashed into a tree .
If I had known that there would be so many problems , I 'd have gone abroad instead to get married .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape . I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time . Then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them . I like her and she likes me so , we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how , but some guys got into my room and started to record me with the girl and I did n't notice . Then many days later , I received a call from a guy who told me that he had a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I did n't give him some money he would put that video on the Internet .
I thought that he makes a wild goose chase he had just bitten off more than he could chew because he did n't know me and I was going to make him pay for what he had done .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema . He has been my friend for many years , but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys , so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
I 'm gutted because he was my childhood friend .
He asked me how much money he should demand from Mathieu ? Then I asked him how much he needed?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it " . With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
In this album , the drummer was really great and fantastic electric guitar solos were performed too .
I live in Chennai , one of the most populated cities in India , perhaps one of the most polluted cities in India too .
The city is dwell with people , cars , bikes and factories , which turns out to be one of the polluted cities in India .
The infrastructure built for controlling and maintaining the environmental ecosystem is bad . In other words , the government and people do not care about the environment , rather they spoil the environment .
The government always say they are doing their best to improve the environment but nothing is done . Perhaps they are mismanaging people 's money in terms of various projects that control the pollution of the city .
The government is not the only one to blame , but also the people who live here , who never care about their environment .
They pollute more than factories do , by using plastic materials , disposing of waste in public places , and some people even tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Although many factories and people are polluting the environment drastically , some people and organizations are protecting the environment , but most often these people are discriminated against by society .
But they do n't care about this and continue with their work . Often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generations and have made some people change the way they look at the city , but often , most people do n't care about what they try to say and sometimes these people are scolded .
I have seen your advertisement and I would be more than delighted to take part in a summer camp as an assistant .
In addition to this , I go to the gym three times a fortnight and I have taken swimming lessons for 3 years .
Also , I have taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
Furthermore , I worked for some major companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
By the way , I have experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because , at university , I did a course in Public Relations .
Long distances between cities make it difficult to use cars .
Transporting workers by public transportation or by bus is more convenient for big companies .
I think travelling by car is a very comfortable way to travel .
You only have to go to your car , sit in it and drive away .
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
It would bug me if someone did n't read it , saying that it is a porn novel .
The two maps depict the main changes which took place in Shipsmouth between the years 1995 and 2010 .
One must recognize the field and the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to score a goal .
A wall of a tennis court can be a good start to learn how to kick a ball .
It would be better , of course , to join a club or to get a trainer to guide you .
Learning to do juggling would also be beneficial .
On the other hand , this opinion should be considered : Some big names are important for someone who seems them like an ideal .
Some may say that we will not need public transport anymore in the future .
However , I think public transport should be kept as it still has its value .
First of all , public transport provides the experience of the journey .
That is an experience you can not get by car .
Air pollution makes the climate change .
To sum up , public transport still has its own value .
Next , to the explosion of the North American steamer , Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures us that it could n't have been done from the outside , but must have been done from the inside .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to Parliament without previously notifying Spain of their results and with the opposite conclusion to that of the Spanish commission .
Mackinley asks for the arbitration of Pope León XII in the conflict and Spain asks North Americans to get off of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blowing - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA having rejected the Spanish proposal to carry out the arbitration together .
If you can keep promises to your friends , that shows how much you really care about them .
I know how important keeping promises is . I always try to keep them .
So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can keep them or not .
I will meet you at the train station .
He says I shop too much , but the fact is , he does n't want to spend money , he has stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he has stopped being romantic .
On top of all of that , he keeps asking why I have changed with him !
The fact is , he is not the same man I married and that issue upsets me so much .
He keeps saying " I love you " but I do n't feel it any more . I sacrificed my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him , but it seems like it was one huge mistake , as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised to be .
Although some people would suggest that such a service has no future because people rely more on the car , as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has a future .
Firstly , society today is more concerned about being environmentally friendly .
The more cars on the road , the more greenhouse gases are produced .
Therefore , public transport plays an important role in mitigating global warming .
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on the road , solving the problem of traffic jams .
Everyone deserves to have a private life , even celebrities and stars , who are the life and soul of the party during their working hours .
This means that in everyday life they are faced with the same problems as we are .
They showed me everything I had to do .
I love to help people and the best thing was that I met members of the band and have their autographs !
It takes a lot of time to know any language fluently and it wastes time .
On the 5th day of his trip , he hiked up a very high mountain , but weirdly , he never saw any people .
He went on , " Every room has a feeling written on it .
He was curious about how he would feel when he went into the room .
I think that everybody deserves privacy , including famous people .
They can barely breath with all those photographers around them .
Another useless thing is gossip .
Why does it even exist ?
For example , when a fan follows a cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredictable , or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
Why is it that when men stalk women they forbid them to come closer to her , but when a paparazzo hides in the car of a celebrity , he will get a huge pile of money for the photos ?
We also can have more knowledge about current issues via Facebook pages , which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes , such as political discussions , strikes , the economy ... As far I am concerned , the present - day population knows more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends via Facebook , uploading photos at any time , having a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
Everything has been easy for him , he is used to getting what he wants .
One of his favourite games was to conquer every girl he liked and break their heart .
She was described as the plain Jane of the campus .
It was a new thing for her to know that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people in that school defined her as a weirdo .
She looked up and she was surprised to see the stranger beside her was the famous Michael .
Seeing her that close makes him realise that she 's not ugly .
She 's gorgeous . If she would only take off her glasses maybe other people would notice it too . '
Nice then , would you mind going out with me on a date ? '
This guy actually asked her out and she 's not that stupid not to know his intentions .
She had just challenged him .
She knew herself that Michael was just playing with her and she said to herself that she would never fall into his trap .
She 'd go out with him .
Since then , everything had gone so perfectly between the two of them .
Celine realised that Michael was not that bad and maybe those rumors she heard before were only rumors and they only wanted to destroy Michael 's reputation .
One of the things she knew about him was that Michael loves to surprise people . That 's why she wanted to surprise him too .
Tears automatically fell down her face .
Everything Michael had done for her was just for a bet .
The next day , when Michael was in his pad watching TV , he heard his door bell ring . He was surprised to receive a visitor now .
The last time he remembered he had never invited anyone .
He would like to invite Celine , but he knew she would refuse him again and he was not ready to be alone with her .
He knew how Celine loved having her privacy . He knew the moment he admitted to everyone that he loved her , she would never have her normal life anymore .
He just loved that girl so much that he wanted to protect her from everything .
Even if it cost him hiding how much he loved her .
When he opened the door , he was more surprised to see who was at the door .
Was it just him or was she wearing a sexy dress ?
The next thing Michael knew was that he was making love with this girl .
I love you so much ' Michael blurted out after what they did , then hugged her .
I know everything .
I should n't have believed that you would change just for me .
Michael could n't believe what he had just heard .
The next thing he knew was that she was gone , not only from his pad , but also from his life .
He had just lost the girl he loved for the first time .
Micheal decided to get dressed . He was on his way to the door when he saw a box of things he had given to Celine .
For some of us trade is a thing you do for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time doing and they enjoy it very much .
For me , shopping is not enjoyable and I try to avoid big shopping centres .
The next thing about unpleasant shopping is enormous lines .
No matter at what time you go to shop , you will wait .
Of course , I could go to a few different shops , but without a driving license , travelling is a tough task .
It is a sophisticated building , full of details everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully designed according to that period .
Even though it is more then 100 years since it was built , all the original features are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the building , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that are the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and during the night .
It is really worth visiting the Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell .
Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might have been used as standard weights to measure things .
Moreover , in general , an artifact or social symbol was buried with its owner after he or she died .
To sum up , the professor totally disagrees with the statement in the reading passage .
In the future , some dangerous diseases such as cancer or aids will be cured , and there will be no worries about them .
However , this could cause a problem for humans and some people will face the threat of compulsory redundancies .
I would say that some problems will arise and people will lose their jobs .
I hope the world will not be destroyed by humans , but in the end everyone knows that the entire world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
And this story is told from the point of view of Leo Colston , the main character .
Besides this , it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child might do to help people without being told the real truth .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extreme sports are what we believe are attractive to tourists of this wonderful coastal city .
Nevertheless , travelling by car could pose a real threat to public transport because it is much more comfortable .
A car offers comfort because you can personalise your space and your ride .
All the same , a car is also a necessity today , because very often it is the only means to get to where you need to go .
Secondly , one car makes as much pollution as one bus which transports many more people .
We had never been to Michael 's house before .
We were thinking that by meeting there we would have a fun night among friends , but we were very wrong .
We never saw him again . I think that when Michael closed the door , he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It was long time ago that I read this book , but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
It is about an ordinary young woman who has everything she needs in life .
After she finds out that her mother has committed suicide because of some kind of fraud , she decides to avenge her but she end up in prison .
After she comes out , she decides to take another revenge for the same reason .
This book is very exciting because there are a lot of things that are happening and it 's not monotonous at all .
It is a really good book that should n't be missed .
Recently , I saw an advertisement for a job .
I have taken courses in the last 2 months with an organization that organizes activities for children aged between one and 15 .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have broad experience in what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allowed me to be part of the team .
Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England and I had to remember that the time there was two hours ahead .
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will be worth it .
NANY 'S has party dresses and wonderful shoes that you can wear on special occasions .
You will fall in love with them as they are pastel coloured .
If the idea of a street market does not seduce you , I recommend you visit a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other accessories , such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
In addition , the shop is very cheap and you can have a cup of coffee inside while you are shopping .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and making comparisons of price and quality .
The first place is the " Culture Centre " and the second one is the " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culture Centre " , your young visitors will be able to attend daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " , they will have an opportunity to take part in many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
Additionally , since the young people are going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should enrol in a Polish language course .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different dishes for Christmas dinner , and I am highly likely to be the one responsible for carrying those dishes from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
If there were more buses or trains at any time ( also in the night ) , it would be convenient to use them and to leave the car in the garage .
So , people often prefer using the car and paying for petrol instead of a bus ticket because of having more advantages : not being forced to wait for the buses and not having to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example .
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then leaving it in any part of the city in a dedicated car park .
It 's a cheap service and it 's greatly appreciated by people who need a car not every day and only for a little time .
They sold clocks , but at a certain time their factory was closed .
In the beginning , one of them looks for a job by asking his sister 's boyfriend , but fortunately , his friend convinces him to find another job .
One day , searching on Google , the two friends discover that Google is looking for new people to employ in its company .
Of course , they are much older than the other candidates , and when the staff check their CVs only one member confirmed their candidature .
The Google agency invites a lot of people and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
Of course , on paper , this group does n't have a chance , but events demonstrate something different .
This film is interesting because it drafts work problems , but not only this , it also shows some important values , like the importance of solidarity , group cohesion and the importance of not losing faith in dreams , even if the situation is withstands .
If I were you , I would start in Catalonia and I would catch a train which follows a wonderful route .
If you do n't like this idea , there is an excellent website which offers a lot of jobs and maybe you will find something interesting .
I have included for you the name in this e - mail . I think you should take a look !
On the one hand , I agree with the statement because everyone has the right to enjoy a private life .
It must be uncomfortable to go out of your house and find some reporters or paparazzi waiting for you to ask question or to take photos .
There are other famous people who do not appear on television and they are chased by reporters .
It is impossible to have a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your private life .
The best way to keep it is not to be a famous person .
Last winter I worked as a coach for my basketball team with kids about ten years old .
Have you ever thought about what the home of the future will look like ?
The house in which we will live in the future will be full of complicated - to - use computers and robots .
The television of the future will be amazing , because it will have a 3D projector , which means that movies will look extremely realistic .
Please write back to me and tell me if you liked the zoo or if you went to another place .
On the one hand , famous people want to protect their private life , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
First of all , being on the covers of newspapers and magazines helps them make themselves more attractive to directors .
The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity gives the possibility to earn more money .
You are like Romeo and juliett . But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother has been admitted to the hospital .
She had an accident today , so I have to stay here to care for her .
Once more . I am sorry .
I think you will understand my situation .
We will make another plan soon , after my mother gets well .
My mother sends you best wishes and me too .
I enjoyed the summer holiday , it was entertaining and I usually travelled around Hong Kong with my family during the weekends .
I went to several places during the holiday , including the airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , etc .
I usually woke up at around nine o'clock in the morning and spent the day reading newspapers and books , and also digitalized some video tapes .
Besides , I find those programs talking about building massive structures and science interesting and I gained some knowledge from those programs .
And I find the knowledge to be taught in some subjects interesting , while some is n't .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
That 's why people choose to travel by car , because it is more convenient and faster .
On the one hand , if you belong to a school , you can participate by giving information to the children about the catastrophic image our village would have if we did not reduce the pollution to the minimum range .
Nobody needs to be worried about the vacuum or the broom because it is provided by the Government .
For that reason , this town has a lot of facilities to meet that demand and to offer a good time too .
This part of the city is ready to receive tourism because there is intensive control on access to the old town by car .
Anyway , taxis and official vehicles are free to use whenever you want .
It has been known in human history since at least 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , bringing bad or good luck .
In the Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to ward off Evil .
Even Homer mentioned garlic in his Odyssey .
Experiments carried out with garlic and some types of bacteria , revealed the ability of garlic to kill some kinds of bacteria .
Therefore , the bactericidal effect of garlic can probably explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant could help in some illness treatments .
Therefore , including garlic in the diet can really be beneficial for health , as some cultures believed .
Is it worth all the time , energy and money spent on convincing people to be responsible for their environment ?
I found out that the leaders of this organization were not realizing the beliefs and principles they were imparting to the public .
They were not a good representation of their ideals .
I backed off and decided to just continue to make my personal contribution to helping mother earth .
Maybe we can not convince the whole world to participate in helping the environment right away , but it can begin with ourselves .
After my awareness of what was happening with our natural resources , I am very glad to have been playing my part .
Fourthly , I only buy organic products for consumption and keep a small spice garden in my backyard .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
Starting in April or May would be right for my schedule .
I think my weak points are speaking and listening skills . Nevertheless , I would also be interested in working over writing and grammar points .
He has been living in the Netherlands for about a year .
He chose to study in Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
She was very kind and she was smiling all the time . He offered her a drink and late in the night they went to her house , where they spent the night together .
I know you 're looking for an interesting place to visit , so I want to offer you a place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and have a great time with your group .
There 's also something for anyone who does n't like risky play .
Next is the preparation of metal plates .
In this step , skilled machinists are required .
Then printing the banknotes .
In this stage , they pay attention to the colour , and special ink and slightly raised images are necessary .
There could be a third situation .
So , I tried to translate your French on Google translator and I could n't understand what you meant about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to writing English and I at am intermediate level .
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) , but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points have served as a lever to his team , which has improved dramatically .
I really enjoy watching him play a lot .
The service is always great . The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is made . While clients are waiting they always give them some Indian food .
The problem is that I 'm only sixteen ... what should I do ?
Public transport is not as valued as it should be although a lot of people use it every day .
For those reasons and some others , I think that public transport should be here for many years to come .
It 's one of the biggest countries in Europe if you think about the area Sweden has .
Anyway , about one thousand years ago , Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway were Vikings .
But because Sweden accepted so many people fleeing to Sweden from the wars in the northern parts of Africa and the southwest parts of Asia .
There is a problem with jobs , though .
It 's called Spotify and it has grown super big .
In Sweden , gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that has made a game called BF , or Battle Field .
It has been a great success and is one of the best games in the world .
That can be really painful for those who are n't from Sweden originally .
Or for those who do n't have Swedish culture .
After the handover in 1997 , it became a special administrative region of China .
Since it is located in a specific area between China and the west , both cultures are also popular there .
Despite the land in Hong Kong being just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 million citizens live there .
From the 1980 's , it has been developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters there .
Compared with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing with Singapore to be the prime leader of Asia .
For languages , Chinese and English are the main languages which are used in Hong Kong .
For education , every developed country is concerned with the issue .
The Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital in developing a better education system to build a knowledge - based society and a better future .
When you go by car you can control your timing , stop at will , and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you , while on public transport you have to pay for a ticket for every single passenger .
I am writing in response to your advertisement , which appeared in this month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .
I have also worked under pressure and met deadlines without any problems , because I am used to being resourceful and managing time efficiently .
I want to improve my English pronunciation skills so I will be able to understand native speakers .
I want to be fluent so she can understand what I want to tell her .
Now I have decided to improve my writing skills , because once they have improved , I will be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
Thank you for sending me the corrected form of my writing , and I really appreciate that very much .
His name is Mohamed , but he is usually called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the country where he works .
He completed his studies six years ago , but since then he has been unable to find proper employment in his country .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coast in 2011 . Helped by the Senegalese community , he eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
Despite his high qualified studies in education , Mohamed had to do a job in a completely different field .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , for more than 5 years , Europe has been suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the young , including highly qualified graduates .
Therefore , once graduated , qualified young people find themselves facing both the economic crisis and a hostile job market .
I believe that governments of different countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to exacerbating the impact of the economic crisis .
I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could describe myself as a sportswoman .
My passion for travel goes back years to when I was just a child . As I am a curious person , I like tasting new foods and discovering new places .
Therefore , I think this experience of three months could offer me a unique chance to grow as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
A couple of years ago , I spent a couple of weeks in Bright with Ef .
During that period , I shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
We got on like a house on fire and I still have several wonderful memories .
As on the 6th of September there will be the university entry test for Medicine , I will have to fly back to Italy for a couple of days .
Because , when we decide to go shopping and we have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
Sometimes , shopping - particularly for women - is the best way to improve their mood .
For example , when we stay in a queue , coming to the cash register and it transpires that the price on the label is more expensive .
Because everybody drives their cars and motorcycles on the roads , the traffic jams will not only be a serious problem for the government but will also be a safety problem for citizens .
Therefore , the government need to introduce a good traffic policy to ensure citizens ' safety and welfare of have the privilege of driving on the road .
If there are so many vehicles on the road , it may cause several problems .
One is that people may be stuck in traffic jams during the rush hours . The second is the more vehicles there are on the roads , the more exhaust fumes will be emitted into the air . The last and the most important problem is that the gas and oil would be depleted .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and humans ' environment , such as riding a bicycle or waiting for an environmentally - friendly car to be invented .
People 's lifestyles have changed completely in the past 20 years .
In big cities , people live a more isolated life and are always in a hurry .
There are many people who have experienced a car crash , or are just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport .
Those people who have mental or other serious illnesses are n't allowed or are not able to drive a car . For them , the public transport system is necessary .
We are an underdeveloped country , as other countries say , a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
Recently , my country has started to develop its resources , our renewable energy , such as wind , solar , hydro - electric power , geothermal energy .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not on other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could make of it or how we can reuse the energy .
Traditional energies are focused on giving all the resources to big cities .
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better life . But if we started to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need for energy would be decreased .
They need resources to improve their living conditions until my country has the possibility to give them better opportunities .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is in big cities , without looking after and helping the surroundings .
Nowadays , my country has started to build a great number of hydroelectric and wind parks and we are also starting to think about geothermal energy .
All of them require further studies to be done and , with that , we could find out the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
Sustainability is not about searching for resources and then building large constructions to extract them .
Sustainability is about finding the best way to interact with the environment .
It is like making friends with nature and finding out what it needs of us and showing it what we need of it .
Starting to an take interest in alternative energy and trying to see ways to use it in your native country is the first step .
The implementation of projects does not need to be only about spending money .
Done in a good way , the implementation of projects helps to improve citizens ' lives .
It encourages people to plant more trees and cutting them has been made a punishable offence .
Burning of leaves and other waste products has also been made a punishable offence .
Gradually , people in the city are becoming cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying their best to keep it clean and safe .
Installation of solar heaters , solar lights , using solar cell watches and driving electric cars are in vogue in the city .
It was written by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows the daily life in a fictitious hotel .
Particularly when the owner gives orders to the waiter , these situations become hilarious .
It was a short soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end , it seems like you have known them for a long time .
I recommend it .
Its short stories have a funny and relaxed time .
It means that more kinds of species are endangered because they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining land .
The planting of vegetables and other food on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of humans may not be met one day .
In addition , supervision of the protecting steps needs to be undertaken by the government .
Anyway , the key to protecting our living environment from being destroyed is to do it as individuals , step by step .
I 'm looking for a language centre which prepares students to take the Cambridge exams , especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've learned about your classes and your method seems efficient .
As I 'm taking a year off , I am available at any time in the week .
We never hide anything from each other .
He had forgotten he had a doctor 's appointment and he was running late .
How could he forget the time of his appointment ?
Hopefully , next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this happening again .
Some people suggest that we should avoid treating them this way , while others maintain the opposite view .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as family members because they are loyal , and have souls as well as being humans ' friends .
A snake tried to bite my friend but his dog , at the last moment , saved him and took that snake away .
He took an action which many other people could not .
Secondly , the reason for my tendency to treat pets as family members , is that they have souls .
They feel , as if they were humans .
They feel our love towards them and they can share this love with us .
Everyone should treat them in a kind way .
They will never try to hurt any human being , so why do people try to hurt them ?
Many people talk with their pets as if they understand them .
He always tells me that " we " are fine , referring to him and his cat .
Are you still in Barcelona ? We could meet up next month because I will have holidays .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had the chance to spend my childhood in Kent .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if any further information is required .
Unfortunately , my scholarship was ending and I was thinking about returning home .
I liked my project a lot and I wanted to continue with it , but my project manager was worried .
It was my boss . He told me : " Go ahead ! , the project continues ! " .
I hung up the phone and I went out to celebrate the moment with my colleagues .
Our goal was to increase the storage capacity to several days .
Nowadays , our team has grown up and there are thirty of us .
He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework , so , he ran back home quickly , and started finishing his homework .
While Peter was doing his homework , his best friend , Tommy , invited Peter to play football at night .
However , Peter decided to turn down Tommy 's invitation , and continue to do his homework .
Ten minutes later , he felt bored and wanted to play some video games , but he had lots of homework to do .
After that , he took a deep breath on his bed and made his final decision . He decided to keep on doing his homework and project .
Maybe the day itself would n't be extraordinary , but , for sure , she would remember it all her life .
In the near future , she would describe this day to her friends in a pub , probably her new friends .
Not every day do you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
The day before , all the clothes which were inside the suitcase had been laid out on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
She had been trying to find a job for a year , but she was n't lucky at all .
It was not easy to let a daughter go away on her own .
They think that this group of people just has a better life and things go very well .
But people should realize , that there are many advantages and disadvantages to being celebrities .
No matter where a famous person goes , he must realize that , next day , he will be on the front page of the newspapers with lots of rumours .
Because , what is proper in living when journalists are following every step the famous person takes ?
We are all free people and everyone deserves to have his own life .
In my opinion , journalists and other people should accept and respect it and sometimes they should just let go .
So , I think that they must have known about the consequences and should just live as they like .
I resigned from my last employment because the restaurant was closed for a long refurbishment .
Finally , I can say that the Colosseum is a fantastic building as much for beauty as for importance , and if a tourist is coming to Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum .
The first lesson was about painting , but because of the lack of equipment , we could not paint .
When we complained to the course teacher , we were told that things did not depend on him .
He was not helpful and was unpolite .
The hotel would have many services and facilities , like a good reception , spa , wifi connection and pay - per - view TV in the rooms , a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea .
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important thing is that the people are happy in their accommodation . If they are happy they will return next year .
One day a friend of mine was going to an amateur theatre to see a musical and asked me if I fancied joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , but I went .
I wondered if he was planning to attend a drama school .
They can do nothing that ca n't be gossiped about .
When it turns out that all the people we got used to idolising are just people with their own shortcomings , we become disappointed .
It all began on a rainy morning in July . School 's out for 10 days and , as a result of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to spend the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to his friends and thought about stealing the keys of one of their millionaire houses and having a party with his friends .
But the house was destroyed and the neighbours , furred for the confusion caused during the night , had called the police , who , without his knowledge , were waiting outside the house to take him to the police station .
As I am 13 years younger than my brother , our parents spend more time with me than with him .
If people recycled , rubbish would be given a second use , and rubbish dumps would be shrunk .
Decorating with phrasal verbs
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
then let your wife make the decision . Finally , if you have broken up recently , then do n't do anything . Just light up your cigarette and hang out with your ex - girlfriend ,
okay , let us get back to the decorating .
Even though she had forgotten to turn on her alarm clock , she woke up at 7 sharp as she had wanted the day before .
The weather outside the window was totally different .
Moreover , the next day her party would be held .
When Anna got back home , she saw a huge bunch of red roses and Mark was sitting behind it .
She started to shout and cry , because she was very happy that her fiance had come from abroad one week earlier than he planned .
Going travelling , people may schedule various destinations and times .
For the above reasons , car travel is the best choice .
You do n't have to wait until public transport arrives .
Most of the time , pets are not allowed to be on public transportation , which is not a good thing for a pet owner .
The concept of beauty has changed since people started thinking they need to be thin to be pretty .
Also , she has admitted she would do anything to have a perfect body .
Doctors said she had become an anorexic .
Nowadays , it is painful that not too many people realize how degrading and dangerous this job can actually become .
I had never felt so nervous when , about six months ago , I finally decided to sit the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
If I wanted to pass the exam , I had to improve my English skills .
I have been learning English for the last six months .
I have studied English at least two hours a day and longer .
Very soon I had recognized that the process of learning was not as easy as I thought .
I was pretty sure that a lot of work was waiting for me ahead .
But I am a really lucky person . I found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some classmates who had the same aims as mine .
We met to study frequently .
We organized some additional activities , such as an English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
Because we did n't live in any English speaking country , we tried as much as possible to create an English - speaking environment .
Finally , we are taking the FCE exam .
clothes trends change very quickly .
pop and disco music are something all young people like .
it depends what season you 're holding the festival .
All in all , I think those tips will help you and I hope you will
With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work . I am interested in applying .
I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years , since my children were born .
I enjoy cooking and am interested in different kinds of food , especially Asian cuisine .
I have experience of cooking and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parents Association of my children 's school .
These was invaluable and relevant experience for the job I am applying for .
Although the plots are full of twists , they are still very realistic and do not make their audience feel that the plots are very strange .
For example , in the first 3D movie , Avatar , the movie maker spent a lot of energy and time on developing a novel movie genre .
For instance , we can find out a lot of foreign news from watching CNN .
The news on CNN includes events which are happening all over the world .
There is some truth in the claims that watching movies and TV programs is a relaxing activity .
However , I still consider that if people can learn some foreign culture , or appreciate the spirits which foreign films contain , they can get more reflection as recreating .
With an intense passion for fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and set up my own branding business with my older sister and her husband .
It is said that the main objective of television is to entertain people and make their free time happier .
For this reason , instead of entertaining , television should offer educative programmes .
They are used to managing different technologies like televisions or computers .
I think that children ca n't be supervised by their parents all the time because they have to work and do household tasks .
For this reason , it is important for them to have a good educative programme on television .
Television is very important for giving language skills to children .
I suggest everyone goes to this place because , not only is the food good , but also , the owners are very friendly .
The most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who works in a department store and is always planning how to make people 's lives more comfortable and better .
Should I go if I do n't know who sent this to me ? "
I was absolutely excited .
There she was , standing in front of me .
How dare she come to my door?There were no words to express my feelings ...
I could n't get in touch with him whatever I did .
He 'd put up walls between us .
The words of congratulation below the picture explained everything : He 'd got married to someone else !
What happened to all those words he 'd said to me !
All the answer I could get was a huge silence ...
Now , after all those long years have gone by full of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I have is the memories which were saved by him in a little wooden box .
Then , the large number of entertainment programs broadcast discourage those who want more cultural or factual programs , as they have been drastically reduced .
It seems to be a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's happening in the world .
Moreover , on television , there is a lot of advertising constantly interrupting the broadcast , and of course , this fact is very unpleasant .
There are also positive things that we have to take into consideration before condemning it .
For example , the wider choice of programs from all over the world allows us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhances our knowledge .
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right to have a private life and the right to live without journalists following them everywhere .
Thirdly , in my opinion , they have the right also to sell only the parts of their lives they want .
To summarize , I believe that everybody deserves to have a private life .
We could go to the most representative places in Mexico , such as Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
In Mexico , a foreign person does not face difficulties getting hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my country . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
perhaps we could go to the city zoo in order to find out whether there are any vacancies that suit you ?
Something I can do is to do some research into places that need people who speak English fluently .
As you know , in this country , if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chance of getting a great job .
I did wrestling at college .
This sport is done in pairs .
It is done one after the other according to their age groups .
Wrestling is a new sport which was unknown to many of my classmates at college .
It is done by both boys and girls .
Wrestling is done during the nighttime when the moon is out .
Wrestling is done by two people while others wait for their turn .
This is where all the beautiful girls are shown to the young men of the community .
It takes place in the middle of the village where there is enough space for the spectators .
Referee advises players about the rules of the game .
This is a sport done by young people only .
The rationale for the college is : to educate the student about our culture , rituals , values and our ways of life in the village .
A child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time . This child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , because they are listening to their parents speaking English , their native language , all the time and this lets them learn without any difficulty .
Since graduation , I have been employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have recently attended a course about first aid so I would be ready to treat children if they get injured .
Construction will be improved .
He was admitted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent surgery .
Mr Keefe 's general condition has improved .
Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you could organize a home visit and provide further assistance for this family .
My family is n't so close and is distributed around many cities in my country . After some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
Everything was amazing , a lot of memories . We laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watching movies , swimming , among others .
Family is one , and we do n't know when we could lose them .
In my opinion , travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by public transport because you can choose where you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
Travelling around the city by car is faster than on public transport .
Sometimes , public transport is useful because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you will probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
The problem with using our cars instead of public transport is pollution .
If everyone used public transport , climate change would not increase more .
I 've seen your letter and I 'm writing this to you to say what I do in my country to help save the environment .
Also , it would be a good idea to go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathe , because this is always a good plan .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them require ID , so if you are younger than 18 , it will be difficult to get in .
In addition , I suggest going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoeing , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoying the countryside
We are always going to the cinema to watch a new one .
My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and comedy drama because they have interesting plots and characters , someone and who watches comedy can laugh all the time .
While someone is watching this kind of movie , he / she is just relaxing and having a good time .
Now I will further develop our last statement .
Some people like to calculate the gain or loss from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dollar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
So it would be very good if you brought a warm coat and an umbrella .
On the one hand , everything is very clean , including floor , bathrooms and corridors . In addition , if you are a disabled person , you will not have any trouble getting in there because there are some ramps to help you go in .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's loud , energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we arrive home with a huge headache .
I pack my backpack , pick up my garbage bag and look around my room for one last time to make sure I have n't forgotten anything . I go downstairs and put the garbage bag into the trash bin .
I go to the garage to get my motorbike .
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrendered its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , so that Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupt , so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , the new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy was worsening someday , the Taiwanese government could simply mimic what the Japanese government did in 2012 .
Therefore , Taiwan could not be sunk like Greece .
Once upon a time , there was a mason called Nick who had a family of four , two sons and his wife , but they had conflicts about their children 's studies , and because the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they lived in poverty .
His kids dreamed of a big house that had a pool , a third floor , a Jacuzzi and a beautiful view to the beach . They also wanted to have a dog . If they had one , it would be called Winy .
They told every dream to their dad , and they knew he would enforce it even though , under the circumstances , it seemed to be impossible , he would try .
Next week a cousin that he did not know . He was a very rich man and when he found out about their problem , he decided to help , so he gave them an incentive .
He said that if Nick built a house with two floors , he would buy it and pay for the children 's studies lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible .
After months of working on the house , he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they wanted .
When they reached eighteen , they could get a good job because of their good education .
The pie chart shows the principal causes which explain why agricultural lands become less productive , whereas the table correlates these causes with three different regions of the world which had land degraded , namely North America , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
It may be explained by the fact that there was an excess of chemicals in the agricultural activity .
In the first case , Europe had the highest percentage of land degraded by deforestation and over - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
This had a great impact on total land degraded as Europe was more affected , with a total of 23% .
If you travel to Guangzhou , you must n't miss this series because it is a symbol of Guangzhou .
The tower has a special name called ' slim waist ' because the shape of it is twisted .
However , we consider a friend a person you can have fun with , laugh with and meet . I 'm used to doing that with my parents and my brothers , but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Moreover , I think that I would n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried about something or someone . In fact , I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
I think that I should have more confidence in my family and remember that they wo n't leave me because of something I have done in the way my best friends could do .
In my town , there is no future for public transport , because the time necessary to get to the city centre is the same walking or going by bus .
On Sunday , the bus does n't work until 3 p.m.
At the same time , you can get fit by walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have a problem with parking your car .
You will spend the same time travelling by bus or walking , but the difference is getting angry or not .
If a person wanted to travel from Kano to Lagos he had no choice but to trek .
Therefore , it was not easy back then for anybody to use other means because there were none .
I believe that technology has really improve our means of our transport .
So , whoever wants to star a journey has several choices of transport , either by sea , by air , by land or on foot .
I must not forget to talk about cars , lorries and other vehicles .
Although I have taken part in many competitions , there was one which was the most enjoyable experience of my life .
I had to swim in the Parana river with all the swimmers and coaches .
First , when I was on the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop encouraging us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our families waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
If you are interested in taking part in this sport , I would suggest buying all the equipment you will need : a comfortable swimsuit , goggles and a huge bag to keep them .
People were attracted to her quite easily , and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
He had been blinded by rage .
He had made such a huge mistake .
Each and every colour glows in the dark giving hope in the darkness .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I strongly agree with , because the extra traffic caused by the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals causes massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad for the health of the walking and cycling citizens , especially young children and babies .
The day before , I started to freak out thinking that I was going to meet them .
As well as the ticket for the concert , I bought a VIP ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because the entry to the venue was at 17:00 and , as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I would n't have to rush .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 'd never been to Birmingham , I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event was taking place .
At 17:00 they let us into the venue and they carried out all the checks .
When everybody had taken their photos , Emblem3 went backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it started .
I left the arena at midnight and I went to an hotel that I had already booked online .
You also mentioned that I would need to work in the kitchens .
I can also add that I know how to cook for lots of people .
Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to set your own schedule , while public transport limits you to a timetable that does not always meet your needs .
After cars prevailed among the public , our governments have tried to pave rough roads , which encourages people to use cars even more .
Nowadays , it might be argued if the current transportation system will work in the future like it does in the present , while there is a still plenty of room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
For a start , the convenience for us for travelling around would probably be one of the main arguments .
If a car which emits no serious global - warming gases were developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce their use of cars . Yet , as long as we are manufacturing them , we can not find more eco - friendly and efficient modes of transport than public transportation .
All of the world is constantly changing - we develop new technologies , people invent new things .
I think that the home of the future will be different than now , but the main function of the home wo n't change , because for ages home has been a place where people can feel safe .
Everybody thinks that home is a refuge .
Home should be associated with family , happiness .
Having a car costs a lot of money .
People do n't have to own their car , paying a lot of money .
All my life I have practiced sports , but definitely , my favorite sport is squash .
The first year , I went to a tournament in Torreon and I won first place . During the first 3 years , I ranked in the first 10 places in Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
Playing squash is an awesome activity and is easy to learn . I love that this game is very fast and you do a lot of exercise .
For someone new to this sport , I would recommended being patient and constant in training , because practice is what will make you better and help to improve your level . And , finally , always enjoy the game .
Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smiling at the news of his colleagues ' and friends ' marriages .
He was so cynical that he turned out to be very nasty and unpopular .
Love lasts two and a half a years , he kept reminding himself .
They started talking , complaining about the train being late , and after two hours they were still chatting .
The poor pair had gone too far and now they had to go back .
For example , you should take public transport instead of a car because it produces less pollution .
In addition , public transport is cheap because buying a car means spending a fortune and in big cities where people are concerned about the environment , such as Amsterdam or Tokyo , there are many facilities like mobile phone apps or special offers .
In my opinion , fewer people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which are more comfortable to use whether you are in a hurry or not .
In the first place , you feel more comfortable in your own car than on a bus , for example . You do n't need to be afraid that someone could suddenly steal your purse and you do n't have to listen to others when you travel in your car .
You do n't have to tolerate being in a crowded place with people you do n't know .
Saving some money and buying a car is the best thing you can do .
In the second place , not all public transport is in the best shape .
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking for a person to work in summer camps USA .
I would like to inform you that I 'm interested in this job .
My level of English is very good . Today I 'm studying and working hard to improve .
Can you imagine my reaction when he told me about it ?
We were so excited when we went in .
Before the show we were helping with installing the sound equipment .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
In addition , there are recent statistics that show that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabian students who come to America to do their master 's degree could n't get into university due to some requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even because their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student who ca n't accomplish their dream and have to go back to their home . I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into your university .
In this essay I will comment on one of the last mistakes that I made and its consequences .
I left my car on the storey with the orange color , but when , some days later , I looked for my car I did it on the storey with the intermediate color .
I spent quite a lot of time thinking and when I had decided go to the police , I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
I 'm excited about seeing you .
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes . It is sad that you are only coming for one week , but we will enjoy ourselves a lot .
When you come out onto the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant . Then you must go to the left where you will find a big square with swings and slides .
Finally , you will see a big red house with lots of windows .
First of all , we always need to wait for it and it runs according to the scheduled timetable only .
Of course , it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to affirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only in terms of time , but also because of the problems that you can have .
The other issue is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fill up their car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but having seen the price of this ecological vehicle , I think that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
Currently , people are thinking about whether they can learn good English in my country or whether they have to move to an English - speaking country .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , whether they will decide to study in their own country or go abroad to learn English .
But they can only afford it by working as an au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter , because these jobs include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need a high level of English .
Of course , you leave a lot of things , such as your family , friends , foods , places , own things , etc . , and nobody can put up with being very far away from all these things .
Moreover , people in their mid-30s do not usually leave their country and try to learn a new language from are living .
So , do n't hesitate and move to a new country , in which you do not only learn language , but a different culture and lifestyle too .
The purpose of this report is to explain that my town has become more aware of the need to take care of the countryside .
In the last five years , many new bins have been installed near all neighbourhoods .
One of these bins is destined for plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottle bank and the last one is for batteries .
Moreover , residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respecting the environment .
I really think that it is necessary to make people conscious of the importance of saving the planet .
In addition , more people would help if they could recycle easily .
I would like to apply for this vacancy because I think I have most of the requirements that you are asking for .
First of all , cooking has been my passion for ages .
That is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to combine my love of cooking with my job .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well , so that is why I am accustomed to dealing with customers and coping with difficult people in a busy environment .
I would be glad if I could have an interview to give you more details about my work experience , my skills or whatever you need to ask me .
So , if you prefer saving money and looking fine , you have to visit our outlet , where you can find all that you are looking for .
If you want more information , just contact us .
Nowadays , people 's lives are undergoing an unexpected change all because of globalization .
In the past , people had to manage their time so they could go to work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
Globalization started in the 20 's , so a huge proportion of the population has experienced this change . In my opinion , it is kind of good .
The need for exporting and importing items has increased in the last 10 years . Consequently , the life of the people has been raised in rapid response .
Everyone needs an instant answer to what they are asking . If they send an email , you must reply to it in less than 1 minute .
Personal contact shows a decrease in this time , because people do n't want to face their real problems . Instead , they can see all the problems happening in the world on their smartphones .
Of course , there will be some more electronic things like some new mobile phones with functions we could not expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
She loves us and she always looks after us when Mum and Dad ca n't do it .
I believe that we haven't ever thanked her for what she did and does for us .
You agree with me , do n't you ?
Anyway , we should go to the mall together and there we will make the final decision .
It is true that both have advantages and disadvantages .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing . I know this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
When you make a long trip , you can travel without pressure .
If you are tired , you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax , and if there are more passengers in the car , you can swap with them , so you will feel less tired .
Even travelling by car , in my opinion , has a lot of problems .
People do n't wear their seatbelts , use phones , and there are even people who drink when they are going to drive .
Every holiday , the DGT in Spain launch an awareness campaign to remind us about good manners when we are driving .
At that time , there was a tropical storm , and the turbulence was horrible ; but a not time I have stopped travelling by plane .
It is true , that planes are very expensive , but at least I have never been unable to book a cheap ticket .
To sum up , all kinds of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending on our needs , we use one or another .
The number of Mango Co. will grow steadily from May to July next year . It will remain at 500 thousand pairs for four months then achieve the highest number of about 600 thousand pairs in this period .
Besides , I was not sure whether I should pick it up .
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they were 20 years ago , scientists have proved that , if we carry on with our way of living , using , for instance , modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
People were given the task of writing a piece of writing of their choice using resources already provided by the institution in charge .
Thus , this study concluded that in around 50 years from now , people will work , eat , shower and even live without leaving their homes .
If technology is leading to those kinds of consequences , we should start to understand how to use technology properly without needing to eliminate it .
I am a suitable person for the job because I am used to working with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old . Also , I am always trying to improve different activities to avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
To sum up , I would like to work with you , and I can promise you will not regret it . I hope to hear from you soon .
I promise you will not regret coming , everything here is wonderful and there are many places we can go to visit .
It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
The weather is changing . In the morning there are high winds , in the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
and that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happens to a celebrity ?
A number of recycling bins have been placed around the village and citizens are being encouraged to attend several ongoing courses to raise their awareness of the importance of recycling .
To achieve this , the council organises different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
For instance , every month there is a competition where participants have to clean and pick rubbish up from different areas of the village .
On one hand , some people think military service should be mandatory .
Moreover , it can educate young people to be more self - reliant , because the majority of teenagers at the age of 18 do not know how to be independent from their parents .
Because I do n't know what kinds of ingredients the restaurant used .
So the food I make with my own hands is safer than any other food that is made in restaurants .
But actually , if you cook a lot , you can use your energy , so you can reduce your weight .
Also , if you cook three times a day , your cooking ability will increase .
But if you eat at home , you do n't need to be concerned that somebody will look at you opening your mouth too wide or talking too loud .
Also , a restaurant does n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes , they give you so little food you do n't get full .
And as you know , throwing food away is a bad habit which makes our planet , Earth , polluted .
Fourthly , you wo n't have to waste your time going out to find a restaurant and coming back home .
Because you do not feel free to talk about anything outside , because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of a " Virtual profile " . It takes time to maintain connections between links and friends and be part of groups . These connections will have negative effects , especially on psychological well - being .
Right now , people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which are more eco - friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money on gas .
Based on this , we can assume that this kind of car will be the only one on the streets fifty years from now .
People like to watch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it replaces books for lazy people .
I agree with people who think they would have no problem leaving their lives and starting a new job on a farm just to be in touch with nature .
In addition to that , you can have a rest during the journey .
Besides , the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions and environments you face during the journey .
On the other hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded into a small and enclosed area , and so , a lot of breath & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season when respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. colds & flu .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country . The authorities have arranged many procedures to ensure that the town stays clean at the same time as being environmentally friendly .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy , the garbage needs to be separated into 3 categories . That is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycling bins ; one for food and green garbage , one only for paper and cardboard , and the last for the rest .
We are used to just turning the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need them .
The fares are high compared to other European countries and the fare system is complicated .
The punctuality of trains needs to be greatly improved , too .
To cut a long story short - you must not miss this event !
Soon , one of them is informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris which is heading for the Shuttle where the two astronauts are .
Eventually , the debris hits the Shuttle and thus more debris is created which follows the orbit of Earth and moved around it at a very high speed .
The damage which the impact of the debris caused to the Shuttle are catastrophic !
All of the crew but two are killed .
To survive , the astronauts have to get to the International Space Station , which is very far away from them .
Moving to the ISS , one of them loses his life and , so , only one of the crew remains alive fighting for survival .
After a long sequence of events , the remaining astronaut first gets to the ISS , then , with a Russian spacecraft , moves on to a Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
And so , the astronaut launches the escape pod and gets home !
Her struggle for survival turns out to be successful !
With this garbage control system , household waste is collected on a weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
The recycling centers sort this garbage and it is put into different categories to be recycled . Categorized garbage is then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are employed in the garbage control service , because they can collect all the garbage of a village from one place .
Villages , on the other hand , are doing their best to reduce the amount of domestic waste .
Hope you wo n't get stuck in the morning jam .
I 'm so excited about spending these weeks with you and I 'm really looking forward to meeting Eileen .
What does she like?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
Looking forward to meeting you and your family as soon as possible !
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures . As she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life comes slowly back to normal , but not for too long , because she becomes suspicious the murderer could be closer than she would ever have expected .
But for Michael , she was his world .
There is no doubt that the Southerners in Vietnam have had prejudices against Northerners for a long time .
It was unfortunate for Michael to get access to her because she was a Southerner .
Overcoming many prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi could depend on .
I will love you forever and I will come back very soon .
Everything was fine until the end of last summer when she had some days off and made an important decision to go on a holiday trip to visit her boyfriend without any notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
Right after getting off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view to satisfying her long wait for him .
The more excited she was , the more disappointment she had . Mimi caught sight of her lover kissing another young girl in his room .
Hey ! how are you ? How is life ? Hope your done with your prestigious exams that you told me about .
Since your dad has a recycling factory , I thought that he would be pleased to get the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
This is the main reason why our environment is being destroyed .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job of re - building animal habitats , so I thought that they might need money , since they have just spent money on building the habitats .
The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally deciding to start music lessons .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
When she looked for the second time , she realised that was Amber 's backpack .
Mary yelled loudly at the young man to call him to stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed him .
To his surprise , Amber and the manager of this restaurant were already standing in front of the door .
The manager told them that this guy had robbed many stores in the town , and finally they got him .
After the police took him away , Mary and Amber continued enjoying their food .
The best of all is that the manager said their meal was free .
In Rust and Bones , Stephanie injures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize she has had her legs amputated .
As they support each other through their hardships , love grows .
In sum , both movies portrayed love as a chemical reaction that grows when two people are willing to help each other out of life challenges .
In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie out and takes her swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
As in Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany helps Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
Both the movies have happy endings for the leads .
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who did n't believe in love and only wanted one - night stands .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to be stuck in their misfortune in the past , leave their past behind and move on with each other 's love and support .
In conclusion , every love movie may be interpreted in diverse ways , whereas people can always find distinct inspiration .
It is possible to find many examples which confirm that argument .
Their activities had lots of negative consequences , such as air , water and land pollution , deforestation and climate change .
Whereas developed countries have become aware of these problems , poor countries have plenty of societal problems , so they continue to affect the environment in a negative way .
This happens when some natural disasters happen .
They have an undesired impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , and to look for clothes , food and other things .
Unfortunately , we can not prevent natural disasters , but we can solve societal problems .
A good leader must form a society , set an example and provide better values for people .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them , so the population has to do everything on their own .
For instance , I hope I will be able to get to know everything about recycling rubbish and saving energy .
Television can entertain everybody today . It does n't matter the age . It can be a baby or an elderly person ; we can see that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficulties in their lives , but there are also the solutions to all the problems at the end ; the lady gets married and lives happily with her love forever .
Although they have a nice ending , we need to remember that real life is different and the difficulties are part of our lives . They are there for us to give value to everything we have and to remind us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
We can also watch a documentary that teaches us a lot !
For the last 10 years , every second family has had more than one car and , most of the time , each member of the family drives his own car .
Recently , governments in many countries imposed a ban on parking or even a ban on driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
A good use of magic is when Oberon uses ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in love with Helena .
He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers ' relationship , as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia . Consequently , Helena is in love with Demetrius .
It is because of the magic of the fairies , the actions in this book are like a dream .
The beautiful language of the fairies ( verse ) takes us away from the ordinary human world that usually talks in prose .
The image of the elegant fairy queen referring to a man with a donkey 's head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seems ridiculous .
Titania uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride 's bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta will have beautiful children and live a happy married life .
The fruits , mentioned above , also sound like ones that would be found in a forest ( berries ) .
Even the sound of these two words sounds like fantasy .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' , causing mystery and making us think about what he means .
Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream , as there 's no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
At this time , the idea of potions might seem unrealistic and silly but by reading this and the events the potion creates magic .
I personally think , without magic , this book would not be as popular or engaging .
Nowadays , most schools and universities help students to find their most suitable jobs .
Students will be able to get know their task in depth as employees .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a job involves .But sometimes , universities give them more theoretical training instead of the practical training which businesses are looking for .
They have to learn the skills that a job involves and the only way to get this is by practicing .
Nowadays , we have " n " number of international sports where one can prove one 's own talent and socialise .
My suggestion for people who want to start badminton as a hobby , firstly one needs to know the rules and regulations of the game .
As it 's a mind - set game , the player needs to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
To be a successful player , one has to learn some tricks which help make the game easier .
And last but not least , as a player , they have to keep in mind that they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands . Instead of that , one has to fight until the last minute of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winner or the loser .
Thus , pushing themselves leads to success .
I am very pleased to hear that you finally managed to open your restaurant .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant . It 's my sister Sorina . You met her at my party . She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible . You will love working with her .
Let me know if you are interested in getting to know her better .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I can assure you that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Vietnam .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is seen as one of the best bays in Vietnam , so I especially recommend you to go there .
A student group usually meet in the College Theatre every Monday to watch films and , afterward , discuss them , but you 're not alone !
Famous directors such as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amenábar have been to the club in the last weeks .
They spoke about their films from a point of view that will uncover for you a new wonderful way of interpreting the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduced into their movies .
For the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club to speak about the film in which they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process for getting involved in their characters for realistic acting .
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break from your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends , you should n't miss this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start to the week .
Some people complain that when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day ! They would like to have a rest .
More and more people have started wondering about their health , something that makes them not use their cars as often as they used to .
The local authorities could also organise events in which they can encourage people to start saving natural resources like water , or to convince people that power consumption can be reduced in many other ways .
La Cacharreriaes is a tapas restaurant , so you can choose lots of different small dishes and share them .
They are always happy to describe the different dishes and recommend well .
This is just a quick e - mail to apologise because I forgot to ask you if you wanted to come to celebrate the end of the year .
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
The first step to better sleep is to recognize that maybe you have a sleep disorder .
Take me as an example . I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
The second step is to identify what could be causing the sleep disorder .
The reading speech of many , but those with which I identify most are caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy food before bedtime .
I definitely need to pay attention to these factors and , that way , I will see improvement .
Help and putting into practice these tips will help us have a healthier life .
Reading things that can help us live better can be very helpful .
Implementing each piece of advice and telling others about your improvements , is a good way to help others .
I like many types of sports but I like swimming best .
I do it every day at school .
To do this sport , first you have to meet someone who can teach you how to swim , because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
However , that does n't mean public transport has to disappear .
The main reason to think there is a future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive use of cars .
During a meeting with the head of department in MOH , I was complaining about servicing of the microscope by their staff ( almost 99.9% from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providing the required training for all his staff , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
The next day I received a call from one of the technicians , Mr. Humam Altannous ( who has a compliant against us ) , asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or contract ) .
I explained to him the standard protocol that an official repair request should be sent in order to proceed with repairing the unit .
But he is not ready to accept this and is asking us to go and repair the unit without any repair request being issued . Please note that our telephone conversation was for only 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hung up the phone ) .
He did not ask any manual / trouble - shooting instruction during our call , which he mentioned in his email .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Please note that we maintain a good relationship with our customers and always give good service as well .
Because there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written this report in order to find out the their preferences and the trends which are in nowadays .
Firstly , I asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourite styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to the music they liked a few years ago .
In fact , they can hardly ever define themselves as pop fans , rockers , ...
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told us they could n't stand reggaeton music , but they usually want to listen to it at discos because they can dance .
In my opinion , young people do n't have a musical culture and magnificent bands like the Rolling Stones are going to have to remain in oblivion .
However , documentaries are being forgotten and only twenty - six percent of them would like to watch more interesting TV series like Lost .
Nowadays , everyone uses the Internet and apps everywhere .
In addition , it is very easy to make friends and communicate with somebody .
In addition , it 's easier to talk with someone that you have n't met and you want to .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meet new people , it 's a good way to find people with similar interests . You can enter an app and you can describe what you look like and someone will be interested in you .
Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who lives in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is in front of you .
In conclusion , I agree that the Internet is a good way to meet friends because you can get to know a lot of people around the world .
There has been good progress in transport in both respects .
Also , as public transport such as the metro does not need to deal with traffic , it is always a faster way to get to the office .
On the other hand , if I were travelling to see my friends or family in a nearby town or just on a holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
I studied in a state school and I believe that I got a good education , not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
From my point of view , I feel like we are losing important things like the effort to achieve goals or respect for everyone .
Public transport means such as trains , planes and buses are known as the cheapest and are used by all travelers , and the cost of using them is something that suits people who earn not much money ,
The users of transport means differ . The public ones are able to carry large numbers of travelers , whereas the private means are used by very small numbers of people .
This option may be used for cargo also ,
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this helps to move cargoes everywhere at a low cost .
All these points support the importance of public means of transport , and demonstrate how useful they are .
In my view , public transport will keep on offering their services , and will never be affected by the appearance of private means .
I believe that should be borne in mind when the new facilities are built .
The Club offers a wide range of activities to spend time doing .
Everyone in the organisation is kind , helpful and cheerful .
However , the advantages outweigh the worst aspects and I will be happy to join the club again next Summer .
I am writing in reference to the advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job .
My name is Gerard Jones and rather than tell you that I always wanted to work with children ,
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , as do my cousins , whose ages are in the required range for going camping .
My expertise is to organise games for children . Everybody enjoys the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team rivalry during the games .
Nowadays , there are many people who do sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life . You focus on the competition and it is like having a rest from everyday life .
In conclusion , personally , despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sitting in your house and watching them .
I 'm so glad to hear that you are giving me an opportunity to make your club facilities better .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you that my reply has been a great help for your club this year .
The other characters that also play an important part in the movie are the servants .
The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , but in its final scene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
Everyone felt so delighted , but unfortunately , now people feel uncomfortable when it comes to travelling by public transport .
In the early days of public transport , people only stuck to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
Public transport is slow now , even though it is very comfortable , but unfortunately , people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class were to travel on public transport , it would affect their status .
If they were financially stable , they would surely buy their own vehicle .
So it is a question that requires deeper reflection from all of us .
You do not have to wait for a specific time to catch the bus , for example .
Using public transport reduces pollution .
I am very happy with the idea of encouraging public transport 's use because it makes cities a better place to live .
I really liked working with special effects and the best thing was that I learnt a lot about that technology .
In addition to this , we do n't have to spend too much time looking for a bus which will go specifically to our destination .
We should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has a huge number of cars on its streets and this number is going up rapidly . Having this huge increase in cars will impact badly on public health & the environment and infrastructure .
However , it will be over cost in full , car service and the effort of concentration on driving . All of these negative points can easily be avoided by using public transportation . It should be cheaper than using your own car , you do not have to look after it , and you can do activities while you are on it , like reading or chatting with your friends or making important phone calls .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than using individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury facilities . Extending the use of electric cars and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environmental pollution as much as we can .
You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it requires a lot of running .
Houses will continue to be divided into rooms in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
They can begin to jog for 15 minutes and then increase the time so that their body can get used to the muscular effort .
Furthermore , it would be useful to have a chronometer to check out your improvement .
I would also recommend stretching after every workout to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
Personally I do not completely agree with this way of thinking .
But if you do not have money , prices can only ruin your day because you know that you can not afford it .
But in my case , it happens rarely .
The diagrams illustrate the process of making bank notes .
Then they move to the next step ; preparation of metal plates . Skilled machinists are needed in this process .
And when the sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , special ink and slightly raised images should be on the bank notes .
The most important step is inspection , where printed sheets have to be inspected manually and carefully .
If the quality of sheets and bank notes is good , then they will be packaged and distributed .
My name is Elvira Vergara and I am applying for the job in the summer camp in your advertisement .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know to how cook and how to look after children .
Also , I have studied teaching and I practise with my father , who is a teacher . I have been swimming since I was five , so I could teach your camp 's children about swimming and other sports like basketball or hockey .
I would like to work with your company because I have studied for this and I love it .
You can watch international channels and live shows around the world , something that in the past would have been too good to be true .
Even knowing that not too much has changed our options nowadays still make television a very good tool to get the family together and have an enjoyable time .
Firstly , I must inform you that I was dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist , because he forgot to place my wake - up call and , as a result , I overslept and I missed my flight .
I would recommend you to improve your standard and quality of service and to devote your attention to the staff in your reception .
I believe you should give this matter your urgent attention .
There are a lot outstanding views and places worth visiting but let me tell you about the Warriors Museum .
The torture room is very popular with children but eager fans can also find something to suit them .
The first time I did Muay Thai was 5 years ago . At that time , I was n't sure about doing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't do Muay Thai and it is not well known .
Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sport , but is not the most important thing . Mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths is necessary ; remember the body does what the mind commands .
It was hard at the beginning , just like when you start doing anything new , so here are some tips if you want to start doing Muay Thai .
When you do any sport , you have to be confident in yourself , without confidence you will not have any progress .
Muay Thai is a complete sport . You use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to make a big effort .
I am an economics student at National Chung Cheng University , which is in Taiwan .
The reason why I want to change my major is that I found that I had a bigger interest in Accounting than in economics when I studied in the first year of university .
Another reason for being a graduate school student is to learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in my future career .
As a result , I enjoy studying accounting .
My job was to find the company 's financial statement that corresponded to a news report .
This work needs lots of patience and time to complete .
My work was to close the accounts every day , so my carefulness had to be improved during the time , because the money did n't belong to me .
You wo n't regret choosing me to attend your school !
He has been one of the players of basketball from when he was an elementary student until now he 's in college .
As the tournament began , he 'd been getting high points for his team , and because of that nice contribution they had won the game .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student , but he 's known as one of the most popular students because he works voluntarily as a coach for the younger kids in his town .
It might be a simple way but perhaps society will be proud of what are they doing .
And they both had a great understanding . However , this innocent girl had caught the attention of all the viewers including these two .
Henry fell down and his head was injured . Michael left him to bleed profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body , tried to check his pulse rate , but found that he was dead .
Have you ever thought about what your life will be like in the next 50 years ?
If you are old enough , you can see how far technology has progressed in the last 20 years .
It 's quite amusing to try to figure out what life in the future could be like .
Provided that renewable sources are developed enough , we could live without pollution .
Medicine should have beaten a lot of diseases and maybe it could be ready to overcome aging .
Finally , you might think it will be a green , peaceful , enjoyable world .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist plays this role .
Your parents always support and defend you . They are happy just to see you - their child , the result of their love .
Thank your parents if they are alive and think about whether you will be a good friend to your future child .
Until now , all had been normal in his life .
He had everything that any person would want to have : living abroad , earning a lot of money , having a partner , working for an international company , and so on .
Then Sergio left Microsoft , created his own website which gave him enough money , and travelled wherever he wanted .
Sorry that I haven't written before but my mother has been using the computer all the time for work and I had to wait until she finished her work .
First , I think that 's a fantastic idea to go to the new activity centre . We 'll enjoy it a lot and discover new places .
At night , we can stay at home , as you said , and also we can buy chocolates and watch a movie . That 's great for me !
But you can tell me other options when I come to your home .
Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't bring me to your home on Friday evening because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
Though the modern cities are emerging rapidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the environment are severely various .
The red coral reef off the coast of Australia , for instance , serves as a shelter for algae and other tiny sea fishes and an index of environmental fragility .
Due to the massive construction of five - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there is cut off and environmental variations are gone away .
On top of that , it is the regulation capacities of the environment for temperature , moisture and even sandstorms are eroding as less plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen into the whole system .
What 's more , extreme weather occurs with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic floods in northern cities in China and long - lasting drought in South American .
In a bid to address these side effects that civilization has brought about , governments must take measures step by step to tackle them .
Firstly , governing authorities should set up protection areas for animals and plants , banning hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
Furthermore , the government should go out of their way to stand united in such a way that joint endeavours can be effective globally .
We had hard days too . We argued , but then quickly made up .
The course is going to finish , so the teacher wants us to go out to a restaurant .
The prices are not expensive and the food is very good .
At the " Soft Notes " , you can hear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
The most popular restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the topping you like best .
While waiting for it , you can play video games in the basement .
Public transport includes buses , trains , and subway , but cars , bicycles , taxis are not forgotten .
To sum up , neither cars nor public transport are considered the perfect option , but considering the long term consequences , as is common nowadays in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
However , there are people who do not follow that , and they wear the most comfortable clothes for them or the style they like most .
For example , in work interviews and jobs that have direct contact with the public , it is better to wear a formal or smart style .
And the same applies with parties , festivals , sports and other events .
Overall , my personal opinion is that we give too much importance to clothes and appearance than we should .
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend in the traffic . Scientists say the new society can be called " the fat society " because the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
In countries like the United States of America , people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social status , so for the American people , public transportation does not matter . They have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide for convenience .
She woke up and at once she felt something was making her happy .
She wondered who could have made such a pleasant surprise .
Suddenly , she remembered that for three days she had been living with Chuck - her boyfriend .
She ate breakfast , dressed and went to work .
It was the first day of spring and everything was coming to life .
Flowers were in every colour of the rainbow , the leaves on the trees were turning green .
When she got to the office , she saw on her desk a note in a heart shape .
She smiled and thought that it was a joke .
Anna looked at her watch and went as fast as she could run to the park .
It transpired that at the fountain stood Chuck , waiting for her .
When she got closer , he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
She had run out of words and just nodded her head , which means : " yes " .
Together they went back home and spent the rest of the day together .
Sarah was concentrating on her cellphone , and Stephan was listening to music loudly on his MP3 .
Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and she saw Sarah get hurt .
Stephan was still listening to music and crossing the street .
But he was n't aware that the traffic lights had turned red , so a car could n't go through .
The man got out of the car to tell Stephan to stop listening to music and pay attention to things around him .
And he found out that Sarah was in the hospital .
After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it is when you focus on technological gadgets instead of the things around you .
I have just read the first book in a trilogy called The Hunger Games .
Katniss , the protagonist , is a teenage girl of 16 who has been forced to poach to feed her family since her father died
An increasing number of people have begun to discuss success in school or work , and whether having an ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
It is my contention that people who have the ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances have a higher likelihood of being successful in school or work .
That is to say , the invention of the internet made it available to everyone in the world .
People can easily obtain the latest knowledge by owning a computer that can access the network and having the ability to read .
That is why it should not be the key point that is considered the key to success .
To explain , there is a trend that many universities all over the world set up free courses for people who thirst for knowledge , also often inviting famous scholars to give a speech to the public that is open to everyone .
Thus , everyone can be an expert .
Excellent performance in the field of study is not a determining factor for your success .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the world of work that they learnt from school has surprisingly decreased in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of a half - century ago .
To put it simply , the things that school teaches us are no longer used in the real world .
Does knowledge from school make any difference in the world of work ?
Hence , this research reminds us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor for success rather than of having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
Previously , most women used to have a baby after marrying their partners . But today , it is not so important anymore .
However , progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life , so I believe both are good at bringing up their children .
Tom had faith this day would be better than the others .
He had n't recovered yet from the last scare he had that day .
He started to do his homework , but he had trouble concentrating as the memories came back to his mind .
It is very important to think about possibilities that could create your fortune .
First , there is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I have lived with my husband for more than ten years , so we know each other well enough to support each other .
If somebody in my family asks me for help , I need to know the whole true , without any potential lies .
That is why I teach my children to play fair .
The first solution is to change the portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain less sugar .
The limitation of this solution is the public may not be satisfied with this size of soft drink .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are the main soft drinks consumers and the most popular beverages are sugar - sweetened drinks .
Parents ' words are key to restricting their kids ' actions .
They will not consume such a large number of beverages .
Therefore , parents ' education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which arise around teenagers .
If we take these measures soon and keep them up for a long time , obesity will not happen in the next generations .
We can say that Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that run through the chapter and the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who have already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
In my day friendships were easily made with neighbours , schoolmates and social club friends .
I have already experienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a charitable association established for youth friendship .
In which we had to wait more than thirty days to send and receive one message that can be exchanged these days with one button press .
I have personal experience that dates back to 1987 . In that year , I started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
In my country , I hav had two close friends since we were about 7 years old and we still have a strong friendship now .
Real friendships that are ever - lasting like what I actually made with my two best friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
It is since that day that I have tried to skate as much as possible and I love every moment of it .
However , the latest studies show a car is not always more efficient .
The right choice of means of transport has a big impact on your time and resources .
It saves plenty of time by avoiding traffic jams and there is no need to search for a parking space .
In spite of that , studies say there are cases in which public transport is unbeatable .
For instance , if you have to go to another city by bus or train to reach your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
However , there are some people who prefer the use of public transport instead of using the car .
To sum up , I believe that public transport has no future because it makes you waste a lot of time , it is not developed enough in small areas and trains and buses are not frequent enough .
First of all , to a certain degree , I agree with the idea of controlling the maximum number of properties one holds in one 's grasp , because this denies the possibility of exhausting the spaces that can hold another family .
Mankind has always striven for freedom in one way or another , and taking away control over their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
In conclusion , I can not say whether or not control over people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only speaking hypothetically , without any form of testing . However , it does have its strong and weak points .
I 'm a cheerful person , so I would attempt to give my best to keep the attention of the children .
It is the world 's biggest youth cup and is held in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Another cup is Sweden 's second biggest cup and is called " Piteå Summer Games " and it is shortened to " PSG " .
My advice for people that are going to start football is that you just have to do your best .
Of course , you might be angry , but it 's not a big deal .
Well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nighttime because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finished my whole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax , so I would say that nighttime is the most relaxing part of my day , so it is the one I like most .
I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
The sports centre in Ondara has visitors from several villages and from all age groups .
This centre offers various activities , like swimming pool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
I want to emphasize that , thanks to its full schedule and the number of coaches , adults , as well as children , can do different activities at the same time instead of having to wait .
I have known my best friends since my childhood .
David is at a boarding school in Bern and will finish next summer .
When we meet and the two friends are walking side by side , they look like Laurel and Hardy .
I especially like to have a first class seat on a plane .
This is a set including one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings with diamonds and one ring for her ring finger .
Nowadays it is more common that people spend time learning another language .
You might spend time and money learning a language .
However , I must pay the fee and every evening it 's my commitment to study something or do my homework .
Young people should have an experience like this .
Cordoba is a thee hour train ride south of Madrid , and attracts visitors from all over the world
For a job , i recommend you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job on the beach , because at the same time as you are on the beach , you could earn money .
The train was still moving too fast to jump off and soon it would be arriving in Milan central station .
He desperately ran through the train towards the driver .
A cold chill ran down his neck .
He had been shot in the head .
The train finally stopped .
That day he became a hero .
He saved 220 people and among them he met the girl that 5 years later became his wife .
I played basketball for three years and it was a great experience and I had a lot of fun .
If you play a sport , you improve your abilities because you 're working in a team in which all the players have the same aim in the game : winning the match .
The most important thing that a person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is required , because you must know how to reach , how to get nearer to making your aim become reality , and that is that the team should score as often as they can to win the match and have fun .
In my opinion , this sport will always be my favourite , because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also kept me in good shape .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good sources describing what research means .
Being interested in the area of research leads to innovation and optimizes ideas that already exist .
Also , honesty , originality , which is the ability to think critically , independence and creativity , and precision make research more valuable .
Moreover , working as a team for research , allows researchers to gain lots of research benefits .
In addition , clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific papers are one way to present , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
Exchanging information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes provides solutions for other researchers ' problems .
Researchers should not give up when they face difficult problems with the research and should keep trying different ways to solve them and they will do it in the end .
Researchers experience their research as an enjoyable activity .
Sometimes , the bus schedule is not suitable for me .
However , I find traveling in my own car has many more advantages than disadvantages .
Therefore , I think public transport will disappear in the future .
I was so happy when I heard that they were coming to Katowice !
She said that they would need someone who can take care of their performance outfits .
The day before the concert , I met the band members , and we started trying on clothes for the next day .
On the day of the concert , I met the band two hours before the start . I ironed all the clothes , I even did the girls ' hair .
You can imagine how great the idea of leaving your own car and taking a bus to go to work or go shopping is .
I have got to sign off now , I 'm afraid .
Hopefully , you 'll be able to visit the site .
Recently Google , a multi - million dollar company , which is not only famous for search engines , is working on self - driving cars .
Getting into your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free drive towards your destination and letting a computer take control of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
It takes hours to drive to and from ; hours where one just has to concentrate on driving , hours that are futile .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell , the self - driving system is good for preventing accidents .
I am writing to you in order to apply for a position as the person who will organise a Film Club in your language school .
I like to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way , I both improve my English and relax .
In my job , I have daily work with groups of people and I give presentations in front of them .
A lot companies advertise their goods on the Internet , so millions of people know computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Computers can help you with your homework by finding the information you need .
Finally , in my opinion , computers are very useful to all of us .
That was the key to opening the treasure chest full of golden opportunities .
Do I think that public transport will disappear in the future ?
But this is an exception , because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we want at this time .
I usually help people when needed , I do n't like to be a bystander .
I thought she was my responsibility , but it ca n't be the same every time .
In addition , young people display altruistic behavior from the 18th month .
For example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university . I did not realize that until I returned home . While I was on my way to the university , my little sister prayed for me to find my phone .
Finally , scientists hypothesize that our brains are helpful enough when we can help out other people .
I 'm writing to say that I 'd be delighted if you were my guest at home next month .
Global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences . Therefore , we should do countless things that appear to be meaningless , but if everyone does them we can live on a much healthier planet .
One of the things discovered by these scientists is Eco - homes . Eco - homes are a type of home that helps us cause less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
It sounds a little bit strange , but by installing solar panels and other features in these homes , we live a much greener life . Undoubtedly , there will be some changes but , because we know why we are doing it , there would be no problems .
In my opinion , in a decade we will be living in these homes . I ca n't wait to experience it .
I do several sports , but my favourite is football .
Furthermore , football gives you the opportunity to make friends because it is a team sport .
With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind , thinking about what is the best pass or when you should run or stop .
If you want to start to play football , my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you might hurt your bones or muscles .
In order to be fit , you can run or ride a bike for two or three weeks and , after that , you will be prepared to play football .
To improve your skills , you can practise alone and you will become better than before .
You 're right , in fact it was very difficult for me but I finally took this decision because I want to have new experiences .
Moreover , I need to organise a tandem to improve my English , but if that wo n't work , I could attend an English course .
I have to earn money if I want to stay there for half a year !
All subjects are less flexible and all students learn the same programs at the same time .
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim of developing the thinking and creativity of students .
They usually hope that their children will get the highest scores in school .
Outside school , they send their kids to sports centres or social activities .
To sum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese children . I think that primary students need to spend more time playing and enjoying their childhood .
I loved climbing from the word go .
You must trust your life to this person , so it 's important you get on with him or her .
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman , because you do n't only use your strength but also your balance .
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things . In summer I always go to the mountains , to my grandparents ' house , where I have fun with my uncles and cousins .
We take food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a mountain , an amazing castle or a typical market in a town .
In winter it is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the nearby peaks . Skiing is my favourite sport , I have been doing that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slopes , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's being chased by the agency .
He tries to get some information from the guy , but unfortunately a sniper shoots him dead .
If you 'd like to see it , I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really want to watch it again .
Throughout my life , I have lived in a few cities and villages located in the South of Russia .
In villages , the only means of public transportation is small buses , most of which can carry up to twenty passengers at any moment of time .
I 've had a little bit of experience of summer babysitting for some kids . In Italy it is more difficult to be a babysitter because , if you are underage , parents should take responsibility for you , so it is better to be over 18 .
To be honest , I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can cook a few good things like scrambled eggs , pasta and meat .
One of my characteristics is that I 'm a very precise person . For example , I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , ends well .
Surely this is not everything .
Riding also means cleaning the horse and looking after it , but never mind , it 's the best sport you can do .
As the production of cars has increased , it seems that the need for public transportation has declined .
Some insist that no one will need a bus or the subway in the future .
However , in my opinion , it will instead be useful to use public vehicles as time goes by for two critical reasons .
Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone can use their car every day , especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
Using public transport means helping to protect the Earth from air pollution .
Pollution is a kind of global issue which people should take seriously .
I am writing to enquire about the job of Camp Assistant in a summer camp , which was advertised in a magazine .
I am 25 years old and I finished my studies in psychology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
As for languages , I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and German fluently and recently I passed the First certificate in English .
If you think that I am the most suitable person to be recruited , I would be interested to hear from you .
This results in different views on whether people agree that the best things for improving people 's lives have already taken place .
I hold the belief that the topic is completely wrong for me , even if some improvements are easy to use and solve most problems .
First , the growth of the population still continues , the space for living is still a serious problem , although the skyscraper has already solved most problems related to the population crisis .
On the other hand , the skyscraper causes more problems , such as pollution .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population . However , the building will produce more pollution if the skyscrapers are constructed from modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
The pollution will harm the local people and the environment from the site of raw materials .
This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only moves to other regions and types .
Second , computer systems look like they solve most problems . However , these systems are more dangerous in specific situations .
A " BUG " may appear from a man - made system because of incomplete coding .
They will use that information to steal people 's money over the phone and we will trust them because they have the correct personal information .
That is why I said that the best improvements still do not exist , even though computer systems have already solved some problems .
That being said , I still feel the reasons I have presented are strong ones , such as architecture and computer systems .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with joining a health club .
What is more , it could help if you worked out at home and bought gym equipment such as a treadmill or a bicycle .
Facebook , Twitter … all of these social networks offer us the easiest way to make new friends .
In my opinion , the best way to develop your new friendship is meeting them ; having a coffee , a drink or whatever .
To be frank , a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and , what is more , it is important to say no sometimes .
For all of these reasons , we have to take care of our friendships these days and social networks are OK for being in touch with your friends . But if you want to make new ones .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the faster they mature and the more they prize what they earn .
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid their growing lazy , then financial relief is welcome .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : will we be able to take care of youngsters and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
Money is almost essential , but the way young people learn to interact with it is essential to shaping a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
My holidays were here !
When I arrived home , I just wanted one thing , to sleep , so I did .
I slept all the afternoon .
Monday , I had the typical " family day " . I ate with all my family in our cottage .
It is a sweet olive oil pastry with honey .
My mum prepared it the day before , and it was really yummy .
I almost ate it all !
Those two day were family days . I had to go to the church to a mess which represents the last days alive of Jesus Christ : the last supper and the passion .
At least , this weekend I did n't do anything special , because I felt tired and I had n't got enough money to make any special plans .
Finally , the day to come to England had arrived .
Imagine going by car to cities like London . Is the car more convenient ?
On the other hand , it is possible to find hybrid cars , but they are more expensive than those that work with normal fuel and , for that reason , this kind of car is not people 's first choice .
Such policies will involve taxes on polluting cars , the increasing of fuel prices and the introduction of benefits for those who opt for more environmental means of transport .
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteers , was talking about this project last week . She suggested we join it .
I have worked in various activities like this . For example , in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
I consider myself a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in these kinds of activities , and who can help with all the things you need .
Finally , I would like to know where the camps will be exactly because I need to book the flights .
Secondly , there is some research that proves that , in general , people who read are smarter than people who do not .
This is another big reason to care about reading , because in this competitive world , only smart people will be able to get the best opportunities available in society .
So , next time you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need your brain to work faster or be more creative , because it could be a good idea to exercise your brain a little bit by reading .
How was your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it was loads of fun with plenty of new knowledge acquired !
I learnt about the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London , as well as the life of William Shakespeare .
You may think theatres were fashionable place for royalty , courtiers and merchants .
However , they were not .
What a gargantuan sacrifice of self - esteem and reputation they made !
Three trumpet blasts were given to symbolize the start of a play , yet none of the respected silence would be given .
I hope you love them too !
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) . Every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy that provides part of the energy to each house on the days that the sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a dam beside it which provides us with enough water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic energy , but also wind energy ; on the outskirts of the village , there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
To try to keep the environment clean , we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking up all the rubbish and checking the whole area in case there is something not normal .
Nowadays , many people like doing shopping .
But does everyone think in that way ?
Some people think that buying things is very boring and unnecessary .
Shops could even give us a 70 percent sale , which helps to save more money .
In today 's world , nearly every person cares about what she or he is wearing .
It seems to me that these clothes may have a high price and sometimes they are not worth it .
They spend a fortune on outfits and wait to be admired and appreciated .
Wearing any kind of clothes has an effect on you , and obviously on your image .
It is often caused by wearing clothes which do not fit and suit them .
The latest fashion is often designed for slim people , so it is recommended to choose the right ones .
To sum up , I believe there are pros and cons to wearing the latest fashion .
Two years ago , Peter 's father had died , so Peter was the only one that knew where the treehouse was .
He found it strange because he always locked the door and the only people that had the keys were him and his father .
He went into the house and saw a man sitting on his father 's chair .
He shouted " Who 's there ? " and suddenly the man turned around and the mystery man was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm proud that you have kept our secret .
Consequently , we can not dispense with public transport , even if some of us would rather use our private cars .
Some non - building areas , in some countries , are now occupied by housing and other residential buildings .
This will cause some serious problems for both citizens and animals .
After natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed on a large scale , there are no close places with beautiful scenery to visit .
The consequence is that they can easily get sick in modern buildings , which will influence their mental health , and even worse .
Without a pleasant place to live , they are facing extinction .
As a result , some of the most vulnerable species will face dying out .
The building land is supposed to be their home .
Policy - makers could enact a law to reduce land development .
As long as there are some places for them to live , the natural environment can be balanced .
Governments are responsible for solving these problems to achieve harmony between man , nature and animals .
First of all , I want to sincerely thank you for the opportunity to provide quick ways to begin saving environmental resources .
I will begin by strongly recommending cycling for a number of reasons : better physical health , better mental health , and no paying fuel bills .
Moreover , less electrical stress on the machines ensures that the machines ' lives are lengthened .
I am writing in order to apply for the post of Camp Assistant you advertised in a magazine .
I am sure I will meet your requirements since I have the abilities you are asking for .
I would like to inform that you I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
First , we thought it would be good to plant trees , and it 's easy to do this .
She had a feeling that her birthday would n't be ordinary .
As far as she knew , she would find out that she was right .
Firstly , just after she went into school , they greeted her with a million colourful balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
Then she had to go to class , so every balloon was sent into the sky , which was a beautiful sight .
She heard music and that is how the party started .
Also you can work as an athlete and you can earn a large amount of money , but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
So , that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation , but you are the one that has to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
The Danish measures will also be compared with other actions taken by European countries like Italy .
-Danish and European Institutions such as the ECB , the European Commission , the Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to carry out and analyse interviews with Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historical and economic field .
For example , on the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear a face mask when the machine is on to protect them from being hit by the tube with high pressure air . Likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set another separate emergency stop button , which is easy to do for non - professionals in case of emergency .
" Your granddaughter must be born , with a curse that causes scorn . Imperceptible she must become until she finds love .
But how to find love when you are invisible ?
Now , from books , movies , I know some of the most influential movements . I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaker .
I know the first person who ended segregation in the south was a 9-year - old girl .
It 's hard to imagine what they went through during the civil rights movement .
What if I was an African - American ? What if I had been born during segregation ?
I was born and raised in China . Being a Chinese person , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers did to us during World War II .
We learned enormous heroic stories about how those heroes sacrificed their lives for victory .
It was the first day of Max 's school excursion to Patagonia . They had arrived there the night before , but today was the day they would actually go exploring .
He went to the guide and told him about what he had seen .
Once the wildlife protection had been able to help the puma , everyone congratulated Max for his bravery and help .
Max could not have been happier . "
What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
I practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , the way of exercising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
My husband and I appreciate very much that you are receptive to new ideas .
The swimming pool is the favourite spot for improving our condition .
For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it would be a better idea to build a changing room with more space in that particular place .
Maybe you could consider updating it with new classes , such as kickboxing .
If you ever need more of these proposals , you can ask us !
I am good at organizing and I am able to get to know a lot of people in a short time .
I would like to have a meeting with you to explain my skills to you in more detail and I 'll also bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
He loves surfing the net .
Two weeks ago , he met a beautiful girl on Linkedin .
She was a foreign student in Palmira , in the north of Syria .
Michael went to get the case .
He entered the office where they check the luggage .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that global warming would cause and he proposed to Tom to do a campaign to raise awareness about the use of cars and the problems it would cause in the future .
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they agreed that all the kids in the school would make a few placards with inspiring phrases about not using cars so much and using public transport more .
When Tom arrived home , he explained to his parents everything related to the campaign and they were very happy .
I live right by the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned to cook and serve tables .
I am the eldest of four brothers and sisters and I used to take care of them when my parents were at work , especially because I love babysitting !
Everything will work remotely ; lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to program everything by time , day , month and so on .
The film is about Maleficent , who becomes bad because she is abused by Stefan , her true love .
Later , Stefan becomes King and decides to cut down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
When Aurora is sixteen , she falls asleep because Maleficent had cast a spell when Aurora was young .
The three fairies lead a prince , Philp , to the castle because he has to give the kiss of true love .
Maleficent is sad and she makes apologies and she kisses Aurora .
Learning has no end . We spend all of our lives learning from circumstances we face .
Learning not only means studying in schools , universities , etc .
, but it also means improving your skills , your talents .
You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home for weeks or months if you can . This is called self - study .
I chose this man because he was a significant player during the slave trade .
This has led to many black Americans visiting the Gambia for investment purposes .
He came across the slave masters in the mouth of the river Gambia while looking for his friend .
He worked very hard in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
He attended the same class with other relatives of the slave masters .
Because of his efforts that led to the abolition of slavery and freedom for captured slaves in the camp .
Public transport is a public way to take people from one place to another .
In this era , there are many types of public transport used by people . For example : bus , train , monorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , and so on .
Most people use public transport to go to their workplace and travel around the city .
Some workers choose to use public transport rather than their own cars .
It can also save money as a price of the ticket for public transport is cheaper compared to oil costs for using a car .
It is very friendly transportation where people from all places meet on one transport system and they can build a relationship between them .
Additionally , the pollution , such as haze , will be decreased because fewer people use the car .
As a conclusion , there is a future for public transport and it is also convenient to use it for travelling .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I have already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too , because I have helped with many events at my school .
I am 18 years old , and I am quite self - confident and a reliable person . I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I get on well with young children .
I do n't want to lose weight , I want to keep it , and I want to eat my favorite dessert , if I want ...
I have the pleasure of giving this essay to Ms .
At the end of my essay , I would like to devote this paragraph to thanking my wonderful teacher for this opportunity to offer my sincere opinion on the topic .
Nobody would deny the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable advantages , such as mass production , information and communication devices , as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
However , it has also created some alarming problems , namely environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and health concerns .
To illustrate , machinery and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop mass production and increase the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
A central line divides the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is proudly called Ellai kodu(Border Line ) in Tamil .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field ( the box ) touch your border ( Border Line ) . The second rule is you do not let the opponent cross over the ' No man 's land ' ( The centre line ) , when the opponent touches your border .
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory " . If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he does n't get any points .
Each team gets an opportunity to raid the other 's field alternately , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as is usual in most games .
One might wonder , but we can find the reason in their Sangam Literature , written circa 300 BCE .
It says the bravery of a man is reckoned by the number of scars on his body , except on his back , because they thought to be dead on the field was far better than retreating .
There are accounts of a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather than in his chest .
So , I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value , which gives high rank to bravery .
It could seem very strange , but I was very excited , because ,
I like Doctor Who very much . I have always dreamt of travelling everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
! If , ( one day ) I have the possibility to do it , I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
The 2014 expenditure for collections is taken out of the library budget in 2015 .
Besides , the library budget in 2015 has been reduced .
The big question was whether she would be able to engage herself in this new activity .
She had been trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she still felt unready to cover a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed at the B2 level in reading and listening , while in speaking and writing the level she had joined after doing a specific test was only B1 .
After thinking a lot about the positive and negative aspects of this question , referring also to the quality of her teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
People will have a device that puts out the light when we leave the room .
We will have furniture that does not stain .
We will also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machines that walk the dog or wash it when we do not have enough time to do this .
It seems that if people did not travel only in their beautiful cars and took a bus or the metro , the air would be cleaner , the city would become less noisy etc .
On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I am not going far .
I was always fascinated by this American tradition of making a resolution list .
Maybe it 's really time to make a resolution and to begin writing it .
I have hated writing since school .
She : I decided my blog would be about nothing .
If you could give me a chance to work with you and your organization , it would be a great pleasure for me .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
The new communication networks will transform the whole world into a big village where everyone will be able to contact any person .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait for a specific time and you can go anywhere , but when you travel on public transport you must wait for the time when the public transport can take you .
Maybe you can give some general information about your last job .
I worked on that team more than ten years ago ( new employee recruitment ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to make a good impression .
If you do it ( and I 'm sure you will do it ) you 'll receive another appointment .
When you get here , send me a text .
It will be a great pleasure to have a coffee together .
Recently I saw " Prisoners " , a great thriller .
Everyone in the village tries to find the children .
The man is really frightened and this situation makes him more and more desperate and he can not control his reactions .
I enjoyed this film a lot because it holds your attention all the time .
In my opinion , it is really exciting , because you are constantly thinking about where the girls are or who could be the kidnaper .
At any case , in my opinion , it is a great film which many people will enjoy if they see it .
The way I see it , finding the origin of languages can be similar to knowing our own family tree .
But on the other hand , we can have too much imagination and be disappointed with the truth .
That always depends on what we were hoping for .
In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we have left behind as we progress .
When it comes to helping communities , people have different attitudes towards whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities or not .
Some people think young people spend enough time on helping their communities . However , others disagree with the idea .
The world is becoming more and more competitive . Young people have to spend a lot of time educating themselves to survive in this society .
Young people not only have to spend a lot of time making themselves qualified in one specific subject , they also have to have a wide range of knowledge .
For example , to be outstanding enough to go to the best university , students have to perform well in their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
To sum up , the world nowadays makes young people survive by themselves , and they do spend a lot of time helping others .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the thespian art flourish in England , in Russia it was the very dark and sinister period of Ivan the Terrible 's reign .
First translations appeared at the end of the 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually , because they are translated from German or French and the translators changed the plots as they wanted ( and turned them into tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations , the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia , in the meantime , turns out to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet 's torture completely unbearable ) .
It is close to unbelievable , but at first critics and educated people found Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - minded people !
But everything changed quite rapidly then .
The first accurate translation of Hamlet from the original was published in 1828 .
By 1855 , only six plays had been left untranslated .
It came into fashion and became honorable to translate Shakespeare .
Russian society gradually began to appreciate Shakespeare 's skill at portraying the greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin , took English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
On Saturday morning , I had to work and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the city centre at the exact time .
Finally last night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang . I went to open the door and outside was my friend Matus .
All in all , he apologized and in the end , everything was resolved .
We will go on being friends .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located on the patio of an old building in the zocalo . The type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and these trees shade the diners when they are eating .
When you are eating you can see some birds that are in the trees , so it makes this restaurant unusual and different than others .
The service is good , the waiters serve excellently , the food is delicious , but some periods of the year the place is full of people and you need a reservation or to wait a long time for a table .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose one of the three types of meat that I mentioned , but this is accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating from Oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you want a different and unique restaurant , you must go to Azul Historico , because it has delicious food , sometimes has regional music and the service is excellent .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are broadcast every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
As you can see on my CV , which I enclose with this letter , I have studied International Trade and have a degree in Economics and Marketing with high grades from the London Economics School during four years .
I have worked in Harrods for five years as a shopping assistant , and now I am working at the Apple Store in Covent Garden as floor manager . I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improve your profits every year .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts from news on TV but it very often happens that some information is left in the background , whereas less important information is broadcast in its place .
Similarly , on TV , during the shows , between one programme and another , we are bombarded by the same ads all the time .
Please , do n't hesitate to contact me if you require any further information .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that give this film a really hilarious mark .
I am writing because I would like to attain the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) .
I have tried three times to pass this exam but I failed .
Do you run a course which prepares for this difficult exam ?
Over decades , music is an eternal art which develops day by day .
It has many branches and types . Some are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people throughout the world share .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods like the inquisition . Knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies , since knowledge through books had become a threat to their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
In addition , it produced collective readings through the ecclesiastical method , with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in books to all social classes .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was adapted to the political and religious thought of the speaker . So , the most efficient and objective way to transmit knowledge was through books , and it was not possible because of the burning .
In contrast , nowadays , books are not necessary at all , because the internet facilitates knowledge even more .
That is why I could adapt the phrase by Franklin , saying that " knowledge can not be killed by people because knowledge is infinite . "
Nowadays what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays it is a very common sickness that attacks more and more children every day , causing them to feel bad about themselves .
According to the CDC , the percentage of children aged 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years in the United States .
A lot of kids grow up with a different way of thinking just because of the damage that children can cause . One example is the famous " bullying " , the principal method that kids use to annoy the ones that look different .
Nutritionists are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack children and even the ones that will kill them .
They can be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body , but only if you cooperate .
So money , today , is really important in our lives and , in this case , rich people are very lucky .
Also , most children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money their family has , and they grow up wanting more and more things .
So , in this case , money is more important than other things .
So , in my opinion , today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more about feeling good with our families and with ourselves .
Maybe in 50 years we will find out how our brain works and we will be able to create an artificial intelligence system that will solve all our problems .
Maybe by doing this we will be able to find other civilisations and exchange technologies with them .
Hopefully , I have a chance of being alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
That morning his , grandmother had gone to the hospital because she had to have an operation and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 'd be bored and she could n't get out of bed for a few days .
His mother was working and his dad was out of town and that 's why she asked him to do her that favour and he could n't say no .
So Peter went home to get his wallet , but before that he decided to take a nap because he was tired , so he started to sleep , but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him on the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
For decades , man has preferred to use another way of getting around than using his own feet .
Scientists have been able to provide , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , which have been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beyond another country 's border by agreement between those countries .
Many people say that they prefer using their own cars , but they are being forced to use public transport for many reasons , such as , the complications they face with the driver 's license , in addition to the high cost of fuel .
They were more likely forced rather than having to choose it as an option .
Let 's not forget the hard times during cold weather , especially in winter , while going to the bus stops , or their low chances of having a good place to sit . Maybe there is another important reason that raises private transport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invited schoolchildren to come to the concert .
It was a very good and useful experience .
I have lived in Kiev for two years .
I have been many times to different places that I did n't know before .
To start with , you must decide what kind of shopping you prefer and how much money you have .
You can also find many shops with branded , expensive clothes from well - known world designers .
In my opinion , technology is becoming more and more important than art and is a necessary part of our lives .
I can call my dad who lives in New York now , then call my friend living in Norway after the first call .
Therefore , if I had studied abroad fifty years ago , I would n't have been able to call my family directly and it was also not an easy task .
However , technology made it easier ten years ago and it has become more common in recent years .
In the old days , we calculated numbers with our brains and that could lead to some mistakes .
Our life has been transformed into an easy life by technology .
I sit in front of my computer and I get news from around the world .
If I am hungry , I can order some delicious food online .
It is easier to contract entertainment which can release our stress immediately .
In the modern world , stress always disturbs our lives .
Pressure exists everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angry and shouted at you or you have to carefully deal with the relationship between you and your father - in - law .
When you ca n't breathe in your life , you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened to music on your cellphone or watch some funny videos after all the things that bothered you .
It lowers our blood pressure and releases our stress .
Technology enables us to access entertainment immediately .
Technology has changed our lives in many ways , which brings many advantages for us , such as convenience , making it easy to connect with friends and easier to access entertainment .
Science practically improves our lives .
In magazines , they tell us we can see a lot of games no matter where we are .
The World Cup is a world famous festival .
People can enjoy just watching the soccer game and they are eager to root for their favorite team .
This activity also makes us enjoy watching and playing the game .
To me , it is boring point when I watch American football .
Sometimes , a game just ends up in a pitcher and catcher 's ball game .
However , in soccer , every single player touches the ball , even the goalkeeper has a chance to get the ball .
At this point , there is a second reason I can give .
The second reason is that soccer involves all players participating in the game .
Can we say these players participated in the game ?
If somebody wanted to play soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to do some stretching because soccer is a very active sport , so you always have a possibility to be injured .
Also , I would say you should wear soccer shoes and socks .
Drinking enough water would be good habit for enjoying not only soccer but also any other sport .
She knew that her parents were preparing a surprise for her , but it was kept as a big secret until the party that night .
Anna did n't understand what had just happened .
She looked around the living room , and was surprised how many people were there .
Their girl had grown up !
Here there are also many nice castles .
Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here are quite plentiful .
I have enrolled in different courses about child development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
And I have just learnt how to play ice hockey .
I 've been doing martial arts for eleven years but I haven't lost the passion I feel for it .
The first martial art that I tried was tae kwon doo and I practised it for 5 years . After that , I started kung fu and I 'm still there .
I have been doing gymnastics for 4 months and am fascinated with it , I like to be tired from doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily . If it 's not gymnastics , it 's kung fu .
I like those sports because you need a lot of strength and dedication to get better . I like kung fu weapons and hands - free forms . To do something spectacular in kung fu , you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked it , many did not because they did not know what it was , but after experiencing it for yourself , you realize that they are very beautiful sports .
I received a call from my credit card company this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts to charge my credit card .
Owning a pet is popular today even if your home is in a big city .
Owning a pet would benefit all members of a family .
It is also good to adopt an animal which does n't have a home and food and give it this love and affection .
On the other hand , there are a lot of disadvantages to owning a pet in big cities .
Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercise outside and not to be always in an apartment .
In my opinion , it might seem good to have a pet if we take care of it .
Television can be capable of both entertaining and educating at the same time .
Another example could be represented by first aid activities and so on .
It is that 76 people are confirmed dead in a Colombian plane crash .
I think some of you have already heard this news .
Here is some basic information about the news .
Although I have never taken an airplane , I would feel worry if I travelled by plane .
And they will also remind you about some key points you did n't understand when you previewed it .
Usually I go there with my friends or colleagues for dinner or lunch .
Everybody knows what separating rubbish into different bins means , but , a large part of society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that do not recycle .
I would say to them , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made from recycled materials , allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycling , which is the following one : the biggest waste of energy takes place in primal resources industries . If we reused all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce its costs by at least half .
Today , recycling used clothes is popular in Japan .
For several years , the number of secondhand clothing stores increased and a lot of people use them .
In 1723 , there were 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
That was just the number of union members , so in fact , there were more secondhand clothing stores in the Edo period .
It can be made from used clothes by patching and darning .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan and the recycling system was forgotten for a long time .
However , secondhand clothing stores have been increasing in recent years .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what is happening all around the world regarding every issue , such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights , and so on .
As European citizens , we are surrounded , directly or indirectly , with loads of social problems and issues in Europe , so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
So that we can be active citizens and help the EU continue to develop .
I never minded what kind of film I could see .
On the one hand , comedies are my favourites because I need to laugh when I have finished my work .
But on the other hand , I have got used to going to the cinema as often as I can , but I wish cinema were cheap .
Once , I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not manage to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day . Despite that , I was happy to get away from crowds and shops .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , the shops are often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
I 'm glad you moved . I haven't got round to finding time to spend with you .
If I were you , I would join the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increase your passion by supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team achieve glory , you can also feel that , and in those moments , you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to experience the love and passion that you feel when you are playing or watching a football match . And if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you r team ca n't finish the journey to the championship .
The start is the hardest part , considering that your body is not used to doing this kind of sport . However , once you are into it , everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
So , if you are starting it , do n't give up because difficulties arise , just relax and be aware that you and your body require time to adapt to this new activity .
You must not be on your own , otherwise you can not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that makes a strong relationship forever .
I did my best and I succeeded in getting a 5.0 .
2 . I should stop thinking in Spanish and think more in English since translating might be confusing .
If you are going to start doing it , I would recommend you to start taking lessons with an expert instructor .
If you are not used to doing it , you could make a mistake , and that is when the sport becomes dangerous .
It is like you are isolated from the world , just you and the ocean .
Without a doubt , our life is changing quickly and we do not realise this .
Nowadays , people are aware of environmental problems and they will try to figure out solutions .
Moreover , there will be important technological advances in our lives , like intelligent mobile phones which can help us with day - to - day tasks .
They will check your empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone will warn your supermarket and they will bring them .
In this essay I will be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which governments and individuals may help to overcome this challenge .
One of the most obvious effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at the North & South Poles , in turn causing the sea level to rise and encroachment of land .
These phenomena cause serious damage to ecosystems and sea life .
Further , continuous rising temperatures are impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
There is scientific evidence that disasters like Katrina and Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
For example , governments can impose limits on emissions produced by manufacturing plants and force industries to help with reforestation .
I would love to work in a summer camp as I always enjoy going on camps with friends and family .
It would be a great experience for me to work so close to the countryside .
He held a short story competition to improve students ' writing .
He hoped a lot of students would join in with this activity , so he made a rule which was that if you got your friends ' writing , you could get 1 dollar per writing .
When I saw that message , I was excited about persuading my friends to enter this competition .
But my friends were not interested in that competition , they thought writing was boring and getting 1 dollar was small .
They only wanted to get the free dollar and did n't spend time focussing on the writing .
When he read the contents of the article , he discovered many of them were similar .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) , I found vast differences in teaching methods between Nepal and Australia .
Students need to take active participation in discussion with their peers .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two - way learning process in which members of a group find it easier to discuss the content .
In the future , I will improve my learning strategies by working actively in groups .
If we go to Bierkeller , we wo n't regret it and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and being happy as a group
On one hand , a large proportion of the global population consider this year off a way of learning and gaining experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who know how to adapt to all the different situations they could be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
It is also said that at the time of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have least difficulties learning and relating with other students because they have got used to it before .
For many years , Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes which drive by themselves and nobody needs to steer the car .
At the moment , people who have got a handicap can not drive a car by themselves .
This has a devastating effect on their independence and living freely .
Self - driving cars are steered by very modern software and this software is so exact that the number of accidents will decline .
Rich people can buy one , but people from the middle class can not .
In the future , this could create a big gap between poor and rich people .
This is the reason why self - driving cars may be something only for rich people in the near future .
When this happens , self - driving cars will be an enrichment in our lives .
The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but is particularly suitable for young people who need help with school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
You should n't miss the stylish cafe in the museum .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
People use their cars for travelling a long or short distance . This is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
If you are not keen on travelling by bus and you do not want to get the car out of the garage , taxis may be the best option .
Anybody can play football .
The other reason why I like playing football is because it is a team sport .
And for those who like football but are scared of getting injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video games .
I sometimes go cycling , running , or even dancing on Sunday .
I do not have a quick answer , but I can offer some ideas .
If you want to do this sport , you can simply take a pair of sneakers and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
Nonetheless , if you really want to get into this sport as a pro , you can invest a lot in clothing and gadgets .
You do not need to get any special training when you start to run , you have known how to do it since you were a child .
Nevertheless , once you start to go running , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your health and to find professional assistance .
Injuries may happen as a result of doing it often if you do not know the way you run , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistance that your body needs , for example .
On the one hand , without their career , they would be as normal as we are .
Meeting our needs that in the past were n't met .
These tend to attract our attention and waste our money in a way that can be avoided , in this case by using public transport .
Will it change our society ?
Active Leisure Club 's gym is a modern building .
You could lower the prices a little bit .
However , their children do not have a special place , so it is recommended you arrange a safe place for them to play .
The action involves you and you ca n't stop reading .
The writer manages to get all your attention .
This book has a very fluent plot , which makes Vanity fair one of the best novels .
When you read a book you ca n't stop reading it .
On this CD , the singer expresses all her feelings and tells us about her experiences during recent years .
People might think that if you buy this type of music , you will waste your money and it is just commercial music .
When I listened to this CD for the first time , I could sense how the singer breaks out in these songs and how many aspects of her life taught her to grow up a little bit more each day .
So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could get to know the signer deeply through the songs which are on this amazing CD .
He thought it would be good to be distracted for a while .
I worked on it very hard even though it was very complex , and my goal was that it could get accepted by the inspector , and when I showed it to him he told me that it was good but I had to fix some details !
When Peter heard that , he was interested in knowing about John 's experiment .
He asked him if he could work with him and said that he knew something that could help his device to succeed .
John accepted his help and told him to come to his laboratory .
The inspector finally accepted their work and told them that now they had to be patient because they were going to reproduce many of them .
John drew a sketch to see how it was going to look .
Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is fun when you play with people who have the same level as you .
I am addicted to padel !
With my experience as a teaching assistant , I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy learning . I follow a lot of sports channels on TV during my free time and that helps me with setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensuring they are organized well .
It gives me great pleasure to help kids with their activities and teach them through play .
Looking forward to being a part of the team .
In my opinion , public transport has been improved over the last years , because cities have been putting a lot of investment into it .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
In addition , the price of fuel has increased over the last years .
What have you been doing since you moved from here ?
Does it look like your old house or it is bigger than that ?
If I am not travelling with my parents , I will come to your city .
Nowadays , travelling on public transport is an experience who none has failed .
However , there is now a discussion about what people prefer , public transport or their own vehicle .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
However , so many people love having their own vehicle , a car , a bike , a motto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicle is that you do n't have to take a bus , for example , crowded with people , you can go alone in your car , or with whoever you want , but the important thing is that you choose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has its own pros and cons , but in my opinion , the difference between both of these is that in the second you choose your own way .
However , I think that this mode of transport has some disadvantages . For instance , if there are a lot of cars in a small city , pollution will increase and the environment will be damaged .
Last year , the mayor changed the old buses for new buses without increasing the prices .
Also , the seats of this transport are cleaner and the bus driver says the name of each stop .
The tickets are very expensive and the trains are very old .
That 's why I decided to tell you about an interesting place in our city .
In the winter , Gorky Park is very beautiful and there is an ice skating park .
Nice to hear from you .
Dinner includes two courses .
Supper always comprises sandwiches .
I hope this will help you .
I 'd like to introduce myself : I 'm Italian with an obsession for the English language
I studied English at school .
I found myself teaching English in my country , far from the language competence I longed for .
First of all , before discussing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same course and at the same school .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are , of course , useful for your knowledge , but , the way of following these lessons is not a natural work pattern .
This important way of communicating is lacking at school , because it 's a nearly a one - directional way of communication from the teachers .
You have to take a test and they will give you a rating for it .
The idea has declined that working and living need to be fairly close to each other .
Some people go even so far and to assume that public transport will not have a future at all .
A lot of public services have been cut in order to save money .
Therefore , buses do not run as frequently or regularly as they used to .
It is also more convenient to go to work by car as you can leave when it suits you and not because the last bus is leaving .
Finally , it still provides a useful way of travelling for all who do n't have a driving licence .
The purpose of this report is to inform you about how the city of Granada takes care of the environment .
Granada can be considered a clean city in regard to rubbish treatment .
As for pollution , in spite of having a decent public transport system , Granada is one of the worst cities in Spain .
As has been said , Granada has a decent public transport system and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
However , Granada can not be considered as cycle - friendly . There are fewer cycling lanes than in other cities of a similar size .
I consider that Granada scores 6.5 out of 10 for taking care of the environment .
There are good points but a lot of work must be done to achieve the eco - friendly title .
When you get to the highest tower , you will see the most breathtaking view .
It 's a beautiful city and I 'd like to go with you .
Tomorrow , I 'm going to visit my grandparents in Galicia .
Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that the silent genre has conquered me .
I do n't enjoy melodramas or love stories much , but they should be paid attention to .
He did not even remember what had happened and a serious headache made him not want to get out of bed .
On this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have made to it , upload photos and movies about your car and , of course , you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
If you want to spend your time visiting a famous and very beautiful place and seeing for yourself the main sights in Moscow , I recommend you to visit Red Square .
Your group will see many well - known monuments of architecture , which you will admire .
You will be very excited seeing St. Basil 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , and the Kremlin .
I hope you will enjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion , seeing the great architectural monuments
I am writing to apply for the vacancy in your cafe .
This results in different views of whether people accept that it is easier to raise children nowadays .
First , parents want fewer children , so children 's resources are more plentiful than 50 years ago .
I have an example .
My brother 's child can very easily get the toy which he wants directly .
However , my father never got toys when he was a child , because too many children needed to be fed .
My grandfather had to work hard to support his children through additional jobs .
They had no money they could spend on entertainment .
That is why I say that fewer children can get more resources and are easier to raise .
For instance , in a big city , we can very easily find a specific place to serve our children , such as special toilets and a Breast - Feeding Room in every subway .
My brother told me when his baby needs to be fed when they are walking in the street .
They can quickly feed his baby .
The health care system also helps parents to care for their children , because people can spend less money to cover against disease through insurance .
That being said , I still feel that the reasons I have presented are strong ones , such as more resources and infrastructure .
They help your immune system , and your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need throughout the whole day .
However , drinking 2 litres of water every day is essential for your health and has a lot of benefits , such as helping energise your muscles or keeping your skin looking good .
In conclusion , you do n't have to make a lot of effort to have a healthy lifestyle and there are plenty of benefits from it .
You will feel great , concentrate better , have more energy and have fewer health problems .
Besides , I have plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient and sociable , and I have good communication skills .
I would be very happy to attend an interview if you would like me to introduce myself .
Also , I would be grateful for information about the tasks I would be called on to do if I got the job .
Thus , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowded and difficult , especially in the rush hour when people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock . The main reason for that is the increasing number of people in our country ( housing problems ) and the result of that is a lot of accidents have happened and a lot of people have died .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation " Rand " American research and development staff to monitor regularly use public transportation or go to work by car in a year .
The study results showed that people who use transportation .
The public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use a car to travel and the study attributed this result to walking to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
It appealed to experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improve security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate costs and , in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries , public transport systems are still undeveloped and compel people to rely on private cars .
The optimistic opinion , some people say that " there is no future for public transport " , saying that the future of public transport is clear and the proof of that is that in ancient , times there was n't any transport and by the time people started to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars to the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by creative people .
I recommend you to go for a walk to Anec Blau because there is a cinema with some new funny movies and there are a lot of clothes shops too .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery was originally a German - owned brewery which has been brewing beer for almost 400 years .
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place where in Poland is produced a traditional and well - known beer .
I hope you will take it into consideration and go to see our local and famous brewery .
He must n't forget a word of it !
This happens because , not only do we live in big cities , but we also have no time to waste .
Public transport is a good solution for some people for many reasons , such as , they can save money and travel quickly .
However , some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right . ple do n't like it . They prefer travelling by car .
Some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right .
Considering that companies are now moving to the outskirts of cities and there is a lack of more flexible timetables , some people discount the public transport option .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone . Consequently , car manufacturers look on it as a new opportunity to create new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
She was sure that everyone would remember about the celebration and have a gift for her .
The school day was very long because Anna was always thinking about the sad morning .
Anna did n't expect that after returning from school she would find her family and friends .
In the last ten years , technology has made a big jump and , thanks to the Internet , we can search for everything whenever we want .
Today , everyone knows how everything is easier with technological devices , but it 's sadder because you ca n't share your thoughts with anybody .
There is a large number of African children who suffer because of the lack of food and clean water .
Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Saharan Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children have many difficulties .
Besides that , the lack of food and clean water are responsible for many diseases , which are responsible for a large number of deaths , because there are n't enough resources to treat the populations .
The principal cause of famine in Africa is the ethnic conflicts , which cause wars , the decrease of fertile land and the use of ground only to produce monoculture to export .
At that moment , he understood that the mayor was going to build a big motorway there , next to the river .
Suddenly , he thought that the workers would cut down all the trees , and the squirrels would lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
He suggested building the motorway in another place to save the squirrels and to protect that beautiful landscape .
For instance , some people discard cigarettes or matches which are unattended , like barbeques or campfires .
Bushfire is caused by numerous human activities but also started by the carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
We left on Monday morning at ten o'clock , we should have taken 3 hours but we took double because of the plugs .
We went to two riding stables but I did not find a horse that I liked .
The next day , me and my best friend went to go bowling and play billiards while my parents took my sisters to ride a pony .
And in the afternoon , the centre organized a lesson for agility dogs .
The lesson did not go very well ; she was interested in other dogs and she was not listening .
At the end , the teacher asked me to do the exercise again .
The Alhambra gives you this opportunity !
You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people to be the best in the world .
You must n't miss it !
50 notes per sheet are set with special ink , producing images with colors on both sides at a slow speed .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means manual checking by special machines and staff , and then they are classified into 3 different categories , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
In the final stage , the well - produced sheets are packed and distributed to each branch , while the damaged ones are safely disposed of .
Next , make sure the metal plates work well .
process is inspection , where the printed sheets are
If they are not very good , we can destroy them securely . However , a few sheets may be partially damaged . That does n't matter due to the fact that further separation will assist you with getting rid of the wrong sheets .
There is the risk that you will not get the connecting bus and , so , you are stressed .
So they could share their cars with other people .
There are many reasons why research is hardly conducted .
Admittedly , some of the research needs investment in many resources that educational institutions can not afford .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage students to try and to learn from failure .
Once , people thought he would not succeed .
In the course of the research , students will think about how to develop the process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem that makes the research fail .
Therefore , educational institutions should encourage students attempting research which is unlikely to succeed .
Well , humans have become more and more sedentary with the passage of time and have forgotten about interaction and movement .
But that 's not my goal in doing a sport .
In spite of the fact that the weather should be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes , but also a jacket for rainy days .
I would love to if I am free .
Quite often , I found it difficult to balance both my studies and my hobbies at the same time .
So , having good time - management has become important in my studies .
Firstly , knowing what is a priority is essential for achieving success .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states , a daily , weekly and semester planner can be beneficial for organizing our time ( P.22 ) .
If you want to start practising this sport , you have to get fit and run a lot because you have got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try to encourage tourists to visit the shops .
According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the Puerto shopping center , it is located in Puerto Marina , and the the shops on offer are mainly fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
In light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we did promotions of the city center as a good destination .
I would recommend the tourist office to increase the variety of shops in Puerto Marina .
I was stunned by her words and became speechless for a moment .
She smiled and said " not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we will start " .
I said that I would help her with applying oil . She said " Do you know how to apply ? " .
I have a mortgage , a car , a degree , two children , a wife and lately I realized how I struggle to make ends meet .
I often think what would happen if I made all these efforts for my own business ?
You can also go shopping in the modern buildings and look at the beautiful scenery from the tall buildings .
Food ! You must try the different foods in my country as the food is delicious and special .
So , these are the advice I can give you . Hope that it will help you when you come to my country .
I am looking forward to seeing you in my country .
Sincerely , I find it very difficult to choose the best film .
They both go through a lot of difficulties and live a poor life .
The aim of the two characters was to win a piece of land in America .
They take part in a competition riding horses .
Only the fastest competitors were given the land .
Of course , our couple win a piece of land .
Most people in Bali rely too much on their private vehicles , hence they have totally abandoned public transportation .
The consciousness that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live in should be raised first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling on a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to having two to four of them trapped in a car . In other words , one mass transportation means against twelve or more cars on the same road .
Imagine the energy that we can save and the pollution that we can stop .
As you asked for my advice , I would suggest getting a job in the summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
The first reason is that I have already studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience . I met very nice people from all over the world . I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoyed my stay in Oxford .
The thing that worries me most is getting used to the English weather !
Public transport is a common means of transport used in many countries , usually to transport people en masse from one location to another .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
Another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destinations , which require planning and catching public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
This is a guide for you . I hope it will help you a little .
First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lot of people come by train , It is situated at the top of the town and is the best way to travel to yours because it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
For adults , we have a little old museum where you can live one day like sixty years ago . So , if you have never been in one , you should go , because it does not cost very much . Besides , the museum has a kindergarten for the kids .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years ago it was a castle , and you can sleep in the king 's bed and every night it has theatre , where you can take a part in a play .
I am writing in reply to your advert , which was published in the local Newspaper on 31 May 2008 .
When I started , they were 3 and 6 years old and I loved preparing crafts to do with them and I usually had to give them dinner .
Working with children , I have learned to be more patient and , moreover , I am able to motivate them to give the best of themselves .
Regarding working in the kitchen , I am a really good cook and I usually help my parents every weekend .
Besides its advantages , which are that it is cheap and fast , there are many disadvantages to taking a bus or train , such as time , quality of service , and overcrowding .
In conclusion , public transport will be an excellent transportation method for the increasing demands of commuting .
The town is covered by more than thirty routes , most of them with a duplicate following the same route in the opposite direction .
That would be an excellent alternative to the current means of transportation , since it is fast , is n't affected by traffic , and it is generally cheaper ( since it relies on electricity ) .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre , so what about going shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is very convenient for tourists because they can reach everything on foot .
If the weather is nice , they should definitely take a trip to Kleť .
There 's a pleasant historical centre and a monumental castle located on the big rock .
Whatever type of journey you take , you would be more likely to prefer to use a train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical exertion .
Overall , there are a number of causes for disagreeing with the suggestion that private transport is becoming more and more popular in comparison with public transport .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , you will find a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " . Opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent it quickly getting busy at lunch time at the weekends .
However , it might be that you have to wait a while for your food to be served , but it 's worth it .
However , traditional teaching methods , force - feeding students , have made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
Following this trend , I have become a procrastinator in the end , which made me unable to face the problems of time management .
In this sense , the term " time management " means the ability to control time by prioritizing tasks and planning the effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and to keep concentration on motivating yourself to learn towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Developing a strategy for studying is vital .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states that you will stay up late to complete assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
Therefore , the best way is to leave 30 minutes every day for reading and beginning to read at once .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomously learn , which will be a very important factor in future for passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of my future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
On the other hand , Cáceres is divided into two main areas ; the new city , which has modern and tall buildings .
As well as the historical city , which has short and narrow streets .
This restaurant is buffet style . We paid 15€/person and we could eat and drink all that we wanted .
From my point of view , this restaurant has one drawback ; the waiters and waitresses do n't come to the table , you have to go to get your food and drink .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it contributes to improving health and personality , and the reading contradicts this by revealing the downside of it .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduces blood clots and slows down the deterioration of brain function .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to maintain healthy movement , because some research has shown that people who drink moderately have a lesser proportion of body fat , because alcohol speeds up the metabolism , which makes calories burn quickly .
On the other hand , the reading contrasts with this by mentioning the disadvantages of alcohol .
Firstly , it is stated that alcohol leads to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose the calories of a glass of wine .
In fact , studies show that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults are linked to alcohol .
In recent years , some different sized logistics companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation have developed rapidly .
However , now , an increasing number of consumers and logistics companies have chosen airplanes , which can save a lot of time for transporting their parcels .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel , which has put heavy pressure on transportation .
So in my opinion , people need to find the right ways to let globalization raise the standard of living while discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
So , if you want a bike , to get around easily , you have to get a card which allows you access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
I think if we want to protect our environment , we should start with the little things .
Moreover , if you want to find a good job , you must be able to speak two or three languages without any problems .
I can speak three languages .
You can understand the guide , the signs ...
you can enjoy yourself a lot and learn more about different cultures .
However , learning a language takes a long time and you need to be patient .
Vietnam is a small country but it has defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam into their colony .
Today , I will mention one of the iconic places in Vietnam which you should not miss when you travel to Vietnam .
He built a system which was based on 4 essential relationships in society .
The lessons that scholars at that time received , most of them were about his ideology .
One remarkable feature of the Temple of Literature is that the people who passed 4 rounds of examinations then gained position titles would have their names engraved on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
It contains not only the history but also the culture and customs , and it is the first official institute which you should not miss .
I do a lot of sports , for example , cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have been doing this sport with my grandfather since 1995 .
Also , you meet a lot of people while you do sport .
Another good point about this sport is that you have to move all parts of your body .
If you begin to do this sport , you should wear good snorkeling goggles and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
Also , you should have a cold shower after and before you swim . This is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water in the pool and if you get into the pool very quickly you could have a problem with your body temperature .
Fuji is changed to a white face by snow .
Later in the week , I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason and I felt the same hot wind in my face and smelled the same funny smell .
The next time such a thing happened to me I felt no wind but smelled this particular stink .
So , I decided not to pay any attention to it and to carry on with my normal life .
I am available all summer , so I could start to work whenever you need me to .
Please contact me if you need any more information about me .
The exam is supposed to be on professional matters .
She said she would join me for the exam .
Afterwards , I will have the right to take part in the international missions to maintain peace under the patronage of the European Union .
I hope to come back happier .
- Last year there was a campaign to renew and repair the most attractive parts of the village .
All the important buildings and monuments were cleaned and repainted .
In connection with the first issue , Budapest accomplishes the task very well .
And that is a serious problem , because in the not too distant future , we wo n't be able to handle the garbage - there wo n't be enough space where we can deposit it .
In that area , Budapest is really awful .
Naturally , it mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage in the dustbin , instead of leaving it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
Since yoga entered my life , I am trying to change my common view of many things .
Yellows bins were carried away from our yard a few days later .
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I passed the exam , I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more , both written and spoken .
Lastly , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are shopping ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it , who may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travelling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a large proportion of society who are sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low number of passengers who can travel on a motorbike . Consequently , not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable to own one .
If you must go a long way , then you 'll probably opt for travelling by plane ...
In that case , this means that my favourite way to travel is by train !
In my opinion , everything depends on our preferences , but the train is a general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and I started this sport when I was in junior high .
At first , I was not interested in it , since I did n't have any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball . However , I did n't enjoy those two at all .
After he understood the reason why I did n't have any desire to play , he told me to give it a try , and if I still did n't like it , he would't force me .
Then , he taught me how to play . For example , when hitting , use the strength of the whole arm and do n't just use your elbow , or you will feel tired quickly .
While playing , I rejoiced at this exercise , because I had never sweated so much and felt refreshed before .
The funniest thing to me was that I thought I was a kid who was studying in kindergarten because of the way he taught .
In addition , before playing , you must warm up and relax your muscles after playing in case you suffer injuries .
With such qualities , I strongly believe that I would do this job very well .
Another reason I am applying for this job is that it will be really a good chance for me to help partly increase my income at this time and improve my family 's living conditions .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people have more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advances that older people tend not to understand well .
Also , because of the fact that urbanization has not helped most countries to adapt the cities into more accessible places for senior citizens .
The new technologies are something that we can not live without anymore .
The fact that these tools are familiar for young people makes them helpful and useful .
Another transformation , which is related to the advances that humanity has been seeing lately , is the changes in the cities and our living habits .
The urbanization implemented by governments across the decades in the cities is sometimes not suitable for all members of the public .
For instance , older people or people with disabilities have great difficulty using the metro system because of the number of stairs .
My mother is a perfect case study for me because she can not use the transportation system in Paris or New York without getting lost and very tired from all the walking that she has to do when commuting .
Therefore , the new technologies and the transformation in the cities are very beneficial for the younger part of the population who are capable of understanding how to manage the modern devices and use all kinds of transportation .
On the other hand , for older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle to them enjoying all that there is out there .
In general , the facilities are well maintained but the majority of the users think that the installation should be improved in the basketball and tennis courts and maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
In other words , I can say it is the best club I know .
It 's recommend that you improve the facilities , reduce the prices and open every day until 10.00 p.m.
There were few buses and they would take too long , so waiting times were quite long .
However , as time went by , improvements were made to public transport .
Nowadays , they are modern and comfortable and they are n't as late as they used to be .
In spite of all the campaigns aiming to reduce the use of the car and increase the use of public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
It is good to have your unique value system , but stories about people who have been doing good affect you and your future decisions .
If something is n't catchy , it will not attract people 's attention .
If you believe that the media tells the truth , you are wrong .
Each kind of guiding light helps us , but the most important thing is to choose the right and accurate person .
The other thing is that students are not able to refuse to attend some classes they do not like because those are considered to be a part of an educational standard for the particular artistic area .
The phenomenon of homeless people has become a serious problem and many countries can not solve this problem .
Everyday on the news we see refugees who are living in miserable condition .
In addition , financial crises . Most companies have financial problems , so the ideal solution to them is downsizing .
Furthermore , street children are a result of family troubles .
As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger to our society because they need money and food so they might steal or kill for this .
The Homeless people are human beings and they must have their rights in life .
There is a four hundred metre distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you have got .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people , despite the fact that today the Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be decided .
The pressure is so great that it could be used as fuel to fly to space .
I must look like them from the side .
That 's strange , but before the start my thoughts are as if an old steam locomotive is going to those depths of memory which are really hard to get to in ordinary life .
The large - scale building projects do allow humans to have homes , but not the animals .
Thousands of acres of forests are destroyed , leading to climate change .
Our cities emit too much carbon dioxide , making the earth warmer .
Floods , droughts , and famines . All of these have great effects on humans and animals . For instance , the loss of property , the disappearance of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
For one thing , animals do not have homes , so some of them become endangered species , worse still , die out .
I think that efforts must be made quickly by governments to protect our homes .
Firstly , the population should be controlled . If humans continue to increase rapidly , there will be no more room for humans .
Thirdly , reserves should be set up to provide room for animals , and we can help the endangered animals in this way .
Finally , governments should use the space properly , for example , making plans before building buildings , estimating the effects on humans and animals .
They would only do it if they had to .
Running keeps you fit in two ways , as you keep your body and your mind active and healthy .
Going for a run is the best way to set your mind free and to think about nothing .
I think I could be the right person for this job . I 'm really patient and I really love to be with kids , play with them and take care of them . I always have fun with them .
Regarding your question , I have been playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
It has wizards , witches , knights , thieves , goblins , but it makes you think too .
My favourite sport is slalom .
Most people I know do n't know what you are doing if you are doing slalom .
To ski well you need to push your body forward .
The body parts that help you to get a big angle are your toes , knees , hips and shoulders .
It is also fun because you can notice that you are getting better all the time .
In the first place I will tell you who are the most important people in my life .
This is a question that I struggle to answer , but I have to say the most important person in my life was and is my marvellous father .
He also cooks tasty meals and gives me them .
This should be enough to make you feel happy like a comfortable blanket does .
It starts with your work life .
Some say that having money to buy the latest gadget makes you feel happy .
You need just the necessary to have a happy long life .
The urban myth that statues can move makes contemporary people frightened .
And the Doctor Who Sci - Fi TV series from the BBC externalized this terror with the Weeping Angels .
This uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originating from perceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
Usually , they tend to hide their faces , since angels can not move freely when they watch each other .
Then , it seems that these statues might lose their spirits only when they get our gaze .
The reason is that TV viewers are watching them simultaneously .
Finally , directors fade out the scenes by flicking out the light in the basement to maximize the threat of the Weeping Angels !
Anna feared that she would have difficulties coping with the expectations .
They assured Anna that she would be granted success due to her knowledge and diligence .
The first step was taken .
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keeps all people united , so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well . Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Personally , what I can say is that playing this sport makes me feel really alive and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it , especially during the World Cup .
Curiously , there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch , because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps you active to keep the level of your game .
I am encouraging those people who do not like doing sport that it is the best way to maintain your health .
In Japan , there are many rules that are imposed in the Sento .
They are usually aimed at avoiding hygiene problems .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainty avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause Japanese people to seem to be obedient and self - disciplined .
Consequently , the bathing pool may face hygiene problems , such as someone not washing before bathing , and scrambling issues .
I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century , many kings and famous Polish people have had their graves .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners come to Poland just to see Cracow city and , among other things , Wawel Castle .
Evidence s that many natural systems have been affected by climate change , particularly by temperature rises .
I think it is time we started adopting environmentally friendly attitudes to help the planet .
A solution could be found by improving recycling , waste disposal and even , by cleaning up shorelines .
During the lesson I was very impressed by Socrative ( www.socrative.com ) , therefore I decided to devise a quiz about HTML and CSS .
The teacher asks the students to comment on the results and the activity , and discuss the opportunity to repeat the activity .
All the produce is fresh and the chef takes great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him . why " Where is my Playstation ? ? " , said Paul , inconsolably , and he ran to the kitchen .
Maybe someone had come into their house and stolen the game console ,
When both of them started to search for clues around the house , they did n't find anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several paw prints and , at that moment , Michael remembered a fact : he had left his dog inside the house , but the puppy had disappeared !
As they were looking for it in the garden , they saw the console was near a tree .
As the picture shows , there are six steps to producing bank notes .
We decided to organize a play and donate the money we earnt to a Dog Foundation .
Hope you liked my idea and look forward to hearing from you soon .
Just next to the desk , I would put on a small wardrobe ; given that there would be additional drawers under the bed to keep some clothes , a large wardrobe might not be needed .
As far as television is concerned , well , to be honest , I haven't watched much TV for years .
Secondly , my idea is to put on , at least initially , two lamps : a white overhead one and a red desk one .
I sincerely doubt that I would paint the furniture , though , so they would display the colour of the wood they were made from .
Lastly , I would like my curtains to be red , given that that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains , because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
I 'm happy , as I had always dreamt of such a family .
I do believe that with time people become more conscious of the idea of cities being convenient for everyone .
Nowadays , all the car manufacturers have accepted the task of designing a robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issues of safety and availability of taxis 24 hours 7 days a week .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I attended last month , for a week , and the activities in which I was involved during that period of time .
As I told you , I helped at Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
You may think that I met them or I got an autograph , but I must disappoint you .
But I loved this experience , I really enjoyed it .
When we arrived , the manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
I do not agree with that at all .
Big cities are crowded with vehicles and , as a result , levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
This is causing diseases and allergies that are affecting the citizens .
That is why many cities have closed their centres to private cars and only allow public transport .
Using public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet , and that is a very important task for all of us .
In recent years , public transport has become really common in our lives .
From the Metro system , the bus , the train , to the high speed rail , all this public transportation has become more and more popular .
Lots of people really enjoy the time when taking public transportation because it is more convenient , costs less and is more eco - friendly .
Compared to driving a car , it only costs us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollars for one single journey .
However , it probably wo n't be invented after all .
For a century , many modes of transport have been invented . Therefore , our lives have become convenient .
What transportation we need and should be invented now is hard to imagine , because there is no place we ca n't go .
I think transport nowadays is perfect .
For example , the speed of transportation could become faster , use green energy sources , increase the capacity of the public vehicles and so on .
With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have arisen . Natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
So , we have to consider how to solve these problems for the next generation .
Also , you can take part in travel and work experience which your school can offer .
I think that there are not many disadvantages of learning another language .
One of them could be that people who do not understand this language will try to ask you all the time to help them .
It 'll be a pleasure to report that the tests were passed with flying colors . For that reason I am asking for your help .
You told me that you have a shared folder with some learning tools to help pass this exam .
In the past , most people considered a museum the best way to get to know an unfamiliar country .
First , as technology has developed , we may find visiting museums is far from convenient .
People using new techniques have gradually become the majority .
It leads to an increasing number of people choosing to use the online museum .
Once I visited a museum to find some pictures of cave painting in France , but when I went to France to see the real painting , I found it was more vivid and could show you how great the French cavemen who painted it were .
Visiting a museum is undoubtedly a good way to learn about a country , but not the best way anymore .
I think it 's something nobody wants , but it could come true .
But maybe they could stop talking to each other , because it 's a waste of time , too .
I would really appreciate it if you could give me a piece of advice about what course I should take .
As far as accommodation is concerned , I 'd like bed and breakfast included in the price .
In the morning program , the kids enjoyed playing football , soccer ball , basketball and water ball .
The program included many competitive activities that were full of fun and cheerful .
In the afternoon , the kids enjoyed a multi - dance program that had different international dances .
The kids loved learning new dances and cultures .
So I always recommend going .
News on TV tells us what is happening in the world .
Moreover , nowadays , many education channels are being developed to help students .
I am a qualified educator and I have been working with children for five years .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children love : I am really creative . I can make costumes with not many materials , so they will enjoy dressing up a lot .
I usually do sports like tennis or running , but I am especially interested in having adventures , and I would like to have this one together .
I am glad to have good news from you . It has been a whole year since the last time we talked .
I 'm so happy you have almost finished school and , of course , that you are coming to Colombia .
As I told you once , Colombia has a lot of amazing places where you can have fun , meet new people and learn all about our
It would be incredible if you started your trip in Cartagena , which is a Caribbean and tropical city .
So , you will be able to experience and watch all these amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see traditional dances .
After that , you need to come to Bogotá . I will be happy to have you here .
To finish , if you want to , you can be an English tutor at my University for the whole time you stay in the city .
By the way , my boyfriend will finish a PhD program this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military service beginning 7th August for one year .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't have to join the real army .
Public transport reduces the car congestion problems .
going to work or travelling by car .
For example , taking the train from Taipei , a city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the New Year only takes half an hour in contrast to nearly two hours owing to the car congestion on the highway .
Because there are nearly 70 billion people in the world , if everyone traveled by car even the half , the pollution would be a burden on the world .
To be brief , taking public transport not only avoids congestion problems to save time but benefits mother nature 's future .
Admittedly , travelling by car has its merits , such as being more convenient to go anywhere we want , and we can enjoy time with family in a car .
Nevertheless , it causes a lot of problems and pollution .
Tom was so happy because he had finally won the prize .
He competed in a local motorcycle race and won the $ 5000 cash prize .
Three consecutive years he had competed in the local race , but at most he had managed get second place .
Tom asked him about insurance and the old man said the insurance only paid 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .
He thought he should perform a show jumping over several wrecked cars , but it was too risky because he had not had any experience of that kind of show .
Moreover , he needed some people to advertise the show .
Jack said , " I know someone who can do that but how will we organize the show ?
Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they could and he also asked his trainer to talk to the owner of the race track .
Tom yelled : " ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paying for the surgery of a sick boy " .
People have been changing for ages and , at the same time , they have been building an astonishing history .
They have been thinking about what the world will look like , and with that thought , civilization was created .
The first question is where our homes will be located .
There are a lot of places where people are building their houses . Perhaps we will be living under water ?
Many buildings , like skyscrapers suggest we will live in flats which exist above the ground , and that is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with their own source of light which could replace the Sun ?
Likewise , something which could change is the materials with which we will build houses .
Despite the fact that the visual aspect is the most important thing to most people , in my opinion , in this case , everything has been said and no new forms can be created .
The book is also very readable , not only introducing the disastrous effects of disasters but simply giving us an overview of handling natural disasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .
The most engaging and intriguing part of this book is about the people who live along the Yellow River , how they suffered from the flood and how they handled the devastation and found a better solution .
It became a mass killer and made people homeless .
After days of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not contain the water when it is out of its limitation .
The Yellow River overflows and the crops on the plains are ruined in some areas . Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile and feeds millions of people .
After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us to have a good life .
Even though mother nature is complicated sometimes , she will give us a light of hope .
People will continue to suffer dangerous floods and there will be no end after many years unless the government take effective action to stop flooding .
I sincerely recommend this book to anybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than they already know .
The World Cup , the Olympics and other international games work to ease tensions between different nations .
My position involved developing marketing content on the web pages and slideshows publicizing the success of the company 's events .
The marketing department also gave me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook .
I will follow up within a week to confirm that all of my materials were received and hopefully to arrange an interview time .
If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that make us think about the human condition .
First of all , we can define ourselves as " slaves of technology " , because now we all have a telephone that has lots of functions and that turns us away from real life .
This can be seen with teenagers , who seem to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer playing with video games on their own to going to the park .
In my opinion , the obsession with business transforms society into a ring inside which every man is against his friend only for the sake of an excellent career .
Music is nutrition for our souls " it says in the popular proverb .
For example , there are various music competitions Eurovision Song Contest which are organized in many countries .
People from almost all over the world attend to participate in it .
For instance , in our country , music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been gaining popularity in all regions of the world since they began .
To take account that it has been improving day by day , we can notice the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music in almost every country .
She preferred books , quiet places and that kind of thing , which was boring to the elite in our school .
She was very focused on learning .
I 'm very happy to read your letter and that you are coming to my beautiful country .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee jumping , surfing ... You can do different kinds of tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
In addition , you could visit the North of Spain since it is very beautiful with marvelous landscapes and beaches .
However , you must go and discover these unforgettable places .
You say in the letter that you want to work for three months . I think that you could try looking for a waiter job in the towns with beaches during the summer months .
It is easier to find a job at the beach than to find one in the centre of Spain .
He took breakfast with his father , who took him to school , as he always did .
Tom loves asking himself questions about life and thinks that science class is the only thing that can answer his questions .
It was about what problems we are going to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to polluting our environment .
John talked about the serious problems caused by not recycling things like plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of their environment , and all this is causing loads of aquatic animals to die .
When Tom arrived home , he talked to his family about what he had learned in science class and persuaded his parents to start recycling .
We worked with Nikita for 1 year during my account management of Enter .
As AC category manager , Nikita demonstrated in - depth knowledge of the AC market , a high level of negotiating skills , and a professional attitude to everything he did .
I 'm completely confident in recommending Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
It was impressive to see the strength shown by those children .
As volunteers , we also helped the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
Being on the court is fun , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
Not everybody knows how much devotion and determination is required to be a good player .
Despite all the obstacles , I would n't swap this hobby for anything else .
There are a lot of bargains and cheap items on the market , which very often catch our eye , but I definitely want to warn you against them !
Do n't be mean , and spend as much money as is needed .
It seemed like a bunch of armed men were trying to beat each other .
Being a fan of an NFL team is a very special experience .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love , you should know that you will stay there forever .
I 'm a friendly , open - minded and quite easy - going guy who lives in one of the most beautiful cities in Russia - St. Petersburg .
I can show you cool places off the beaten track in my hometown .
I would like to make new friends all over the world and have a great time together .
Vienna has a lot of great shopping areas , and that is why I am going to focus on the three most popular places .
It contains about 60 shops .
The entertainment section stays open after the mall closes .
In the countryside , you can find a recently built mall named " G3 " .
It is not only worthwhile visiting the street by day , but also by night .
To avoid losing the track , I am going to give a review .
For people who prefer spending their time in the outdoors , I would recommend a visit to the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
I 'm also a volunteer for the Red Cross , so I 'm used to looking after children and organising all kinds of events .
I think I 'm suitable for any work because I 'm sporty and sociable and , above all , I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out any work you choose to give me .
I 'm happy living here because the air is clean and fresh and we have no problems with rubbish .
These panels are used to harness the light of the sun to produce electricity .
So , I think that both hobbies have their advantages and disadvantages .
If I were you , I would give up sport , because I think that music classes can help you to impress a girl .
One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad show an improvement in just one or two months .
She knew that her eighteenth birthday was approaching and she would spend it and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
They were to fly next Monday and come back next Sunday .
The other girls left earlier because they were preparing something special for her .
Her parents and her sister are still looking for her .
Many think that public transport is going to end .
I believe that it is true , because people are more concerned about their privacy and the time it takes to travel by public transport .
For example , if she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sitting in the nearby seats may stare at her .
For example , a lady travels on a bus , and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her , but in her car she can do whatever she wants .
Public transport may take more time to travel and has more a rigid schedule than private vehicles .
A car can be driven very fast in order to reduce the time taken to travel .
If a person is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must . Hence , he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to get there early .
Because public transport has a fixed timetable .
Hence , public transport takes more time to travel .
In conclusion , use of public transportation is decreasing day by day .
In the past , people could only make a purchase from a store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods online and buy them via a simple click .
In my imagination , the future will be more messy and crowded with fewer species of creature but more of us , human beings .
Other than the situation I mentioned above , we will have our memories and knowledge being replicated in the form of digital data .
In short , the plane is one of the best options for doing it .
If I have the opportunity to help you with your planning , please have no doubt that I will certainly do so .
As you will arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the south , where the beaches are breathtaking , with such clean water and long golden shores .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a job for a month and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly meet your expectations .
If you are interested , I could give you his phone number and e - mail so that you two can speak about the matter and maybe reach an agreement .
I graduated from AL - mustansiria University / College of Arts / Department of Translation in 1998 .
Which inspired me to study translation , which considers science and art at the same time .
Since my graduation , I have acquired broad experience in translation .
I worked in the OIL MINISTRY 's central library on foreign scientific books which mainly concerned the petroleum field .
This gives me broad knowledge of petroleum jargon which opens endless horizons of experience and of how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computers , human resources , and English language that were held in Baghdad , at the British Council in Amman and the last one was in London at luminous language solution .
I want to study at your university in the pre - sessional courses to meet your standard in English language .
All the above - mentioned crystallized my ambition to continue higher education at a respected university .
I want to specialize in translation concerned with the petroleum sector .
It goes without saying that I am from a petroleum country and I want to work in OPEC as a representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil 's translation staff with highly educated translators .
I plan to help the freshman translators in the Ministry to further their career under my supervision by coaching and mentoring them .
I am sure that you will help me to realize my dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
I can recommend you visit the library .
It 's quite an architecturally important building , I think , plus there are about a million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
If I were you I would order the shots of alcohol because there is a toy train which will deliver the shots to you .
So if you go to the A 's you will find it by the lights .
In front of the building are enormous reflectors which shine into the darkness .
There are about a thousand animals and in the middle of it is a gorgeous castle .
Charles Dickens and Emily Bronte were both Victorian writers .
Then we can notice that the narrators of the novels have different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient ; Bronte 's one is part of the story itself and can change , revealing other characters ' perspectives .
Some people argue that a good sense of humor is not one of the most important human qualities .
Also , people can have a good relationship when they have a good sense of humor .
First , people who have a good sense of humor can make others laugh .
For example , my friend , Jane , tells lots of jokes to make us laugh out loud .
Also , after people talk to her , they always want to talk to my mother again and are eager to be her friend .
The price of each kind of product must be suitable for consumers that the business is targeting .
The leader of the business must also have a way of handling active and innovative work to save time and money .
Marketing 's job is to deliver content to customers so that they learn more about the company and the products and services , in order to increase their advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
In addition , an enterprise may do marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
As we know , every person wants to achieve success in their lives .
For this , they must lead a healthy life .
Students have started to forget their physical games and get stuck in this internet world . They are spending so much time on using the internet and they engage in only meaningless gossip on social networking websites .
I am writing to you to ask if I may be considered for a place on your program .
I have all the characteristics which you require and , so , am an ideal person for the job .
Firstly , you should choose me because I can speak English very fluently .
I 've taught at many schools , including primary , so I have a good understanding of children .
As I 've also run the marathon three times and play in the local netball team , I am quite energetic , plus , I 'm also hardworking , as I try my best to achieve my ambition .
If you would like to see wonderful beaches , you should come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Irian Jaya island .
If you choose to travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali , the trip will be much shorter , taking only two hours .
If you plan to enjoy your trip amongst the fresh green landscape of Java island , you should travel by train .
It takes almost 15 hours , but you can have views of villages during the trip .
Basically , I like to travel by train to enjoy the view along the railway track .
Also , you can interact for longer with other passengers , especially native Indonesians , just in case you need to find out more about Indonesia as you would like to get a temporary job here .
Here are a few tips for starting a conversation with Indonesians : an Indonesian person will respond to a smile with a smile , so you can start with that . Not all Indonesians speak English , but most students can speak English .
I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
Joining a community of hiking students could be useful , because they will be pleasant free guides for you . This trick is more effective for the budget for your trip .
It can be a little bit difficult to find a temporary job here , unless you have got any connections with agencies or local people .
Teaching English is a common job for foreign people . Moreover , foreign teachers are more popular than local teachers .
I hope my advice will be useful for your trip to Indonesia .
If , in the past , they just held weddings at home to save money , now they tend to choose restaurants and hotels instead .
It lets people know that they are important or powerful .
Therefore , the number of guests invited to the wedding is much greater than in previous times .
Those who lose contact for a long time can exchange current information and keep in touch again .
However , there are also some drawbacks it brings about .
Instead of that , this amount of money could help the couple buy a house or car for their new life .
However , a wedding on a reasonable scale would both satisfy the guests and reduce the burden on the couple and their families .
Some days before , we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at the railway station , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we walked for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than they had been before , so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
We immediately turned towards the bushes . We were worried , as we had heard on the radio that a bear might live there .
I am interested in the job because this would be an opportunity to spend my summer in a more fun way .
Another thing is that I would improve my skills in working with children and I would find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
Because of that , I hope my letter will be taken into consideration .
I went to school with almost zero knowledge of English , and after entry tests , I was assigned to a level higher than mine .
At the end of the third school day , one of my classmates caught me in the hall and asked if I wanted to join them that night for dinner .
I needed practice with speaking so much , so it was just what the doctor ordered !
There was only one problem : I could not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
Do you remember that I went to the Muse concert in Dublin last month ?
As for the pollution , it could be reduced if people used public transport ; it is well - known that CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transport are 80% less than a car .
Significant changes have to be made to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transport .
In this way , the customer can feel as comfortable as they felt in their own cars .
The latest research carried out by The Health Department in Spain shows that young people are not as healthy as twenty years ago .
That could be a bigger problem if the trend is maintained for a long time because public spending could rise 60 % in the next 10 years .
The reasons for that may lie in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting most middle - class people in the country .
The low quality of produce that young people eat and the limited variety of eating habits could make things even worse .
Besides , excessive use of computers and mobile phones is not helping to solve the problem at all .
Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to doing exercise than they should and , as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
Hello James ! I have already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , especially golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes . When you 're stressed it helps you to relax .
I hope this letter helps you to decide what you will do .
One of the most difficult sports on Earth will teach you what hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle mean .
People that would like to start this sport , should know that this is not just a sport .
At first , I completely agreed with this , but then when I started to think about it I realized that it 's not like that .
Firstly , I think that if you work as a team , you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation with you can have a better and more complete answer , because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because the team give you love , companionship and you can have a very good time .
However , this choice may not be the wisest , as there are other inventions more useful than television and with better future applications .
This fact , along with the spread of personal computers , quickly led to a generalization of its use in the first decade of the XXI century .
The Internet , on the other hand , has become more and more popular , not only for entertainment , but also for business , and today it is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
The Internet has also replaced television for watching films and TV shows , especially among young people , who prefer to download and watch videos instead of watching to the fixed schedule of TV .
At that moment , some friends and other workers who lived on the same floor came into the bedroom .
At the beginning , we could n't stop the fire , but although this night sounds impossible , we managed to put out the fire .
Safety issues are also very important .
Michael thought that he could use his father 's car , and borrow some money from his mother .
He knew that Peter was a little bit irresponsible , but he thought that the arrangement sounded perfect and nothing could go wrong .
He was thinking that this time it would be different , everything was planned and they would have a great time .
Thomas was one of those guys that every gal wished to be around .
He was handsome as hell , well - built and a true gentleman .
Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , a poor immune system and being underweight .
The woman had smiled at Alice and had given her some words of advice , " Young girl , you will lose something important to you .
Alice had looked on in confusion as the woman had walked away .
She was shocked .
Sadness struck her heart .
Had you told me that I would win some literary competitions and that some people would speak well of me , I would n't have believed you .
Only then did I realise that there was nothing more to do , that I just had to wait .
And that voice told me that I was the winner of the third place !
Since I was a child , I have been curious to know how stuff works .
Through the years , my interest in machines and electrical devices increased , so whenever a device stops working I try to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my parents always encouraged me even when I broke something .
When I was in secondary school and my friends were dreaming of being doctors or dentists , I decided that I would be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
During my studies , my parents and I noticed that I understood kinetic physics more than electrical physics .
Finally , TU - Clausthal is located in beautiful countryside .
Even though you have to study vocabulary and expressions , the grammar is easy to understand and you will be able to make simple sentences in a few days .
They have so successfully insinuated their own product into our everyday existence that we no longer see it anymore as what it really is : a nuisance .
Creators of adverts have long given up on informing the consumers and instead opt for seducing them .
The result is insincere , misleading and often deceitful messages that our minds are saturated with .
The marathon runners coming before or staying after the competition could take advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great number of attractions .
On the other hand , participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias and bars with a good selection of menus offering local food .
In conclusion , I think there will be no obstacles and objections to hosting this sports competition in my town , which , on the other hand , is also a cultural event for many of the participants .
I read your email yesterday but I have n't had the time to reply until now .
I asked if I had permission to stand in front of the stage during the main concert and the organisation agreed .
It is about an American football player who does n't know that he has a daughter and one day the daughter comes to his apartment .
I do n't watch only movies , I watch some series to .
It is a girl called Jasmine Thompson and she sings cover songs and I think she is a really good singer .
When they were in Sweden , I was at their concert and after that my voice was almost gone .
He opened his eyes again when the steps had faded away .
He felt like he was about to die .
About six months later , I joined a computer class for kids in the same location that I took the English classes and since then , my love for computers and the language has just grown .
Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a teacher 's assistant would provide me with a good example of how the market works for both academic and commercial careers .
If you want to visit it , book a guide who will tell you the history of the castle in English .
In my opinion , the difference between installation art and classical art resides in the feeling that they can inspire in the audience .
It was n't my dream job , but it really payed off .
As my departure came closer , I started to ask myself more and more if this was a good idea and if I would have a good time , all those things .
The 6 months I spent there were the best of my life . I was so happy and enjoyed myself every day .
So if you are ever even considering the idea of taking a gap - year , do n't hesitate , just do it .
I was thinking that maybe it was just my imagination .
Eventually , I slowly opened the door and went out of my room .
I went to the kitchen and sat on the chair , nervously fiddling with my bracelet .
It suddenly fell apart , and all the beads dropped on the floor .
Before I managed to say something , I heard a terrible scream and my friend just hung up .
We at Madhura Nagar , understand the need to protect the environment and hence are committed to what we do .
I 've worked as a security guard in a lot of places around the world .
But I love basketball and handball - especially the former - every time we play basketball at school during Physical Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my best . I do n't know how to explain why I love this game so much .
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have free time and they should be able to spend it however they want to , without anyone disturbing them .
Here are some tips to help you make a positive first impression .
Although it is true that this is not a long - term friendship , I can say that I have found a true friend .
All these situations may impede us staying in touch with old friends , but , on the other hand , can give us the opportunity to make new ones .
To summarize , I would like to say that even though we are incapable of remaining on friendly terms with everyone , we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors that makes us human and we should always embrace it .
All in all , I think there is a wide variety of shopping options in our home town , so I expect tourists would not be disappointed with what there is to offer .
This report has the aim of showing and discussing the main ways to reduce pollution and to take care of the environment in Zaragoza .
How does the town try to keep the area clean :
A commercial team responsible for raising awareness of the critical situation the environment is suffering .
3 . More than 200 buses with the aim of avoiding excessive CO2 emissions .
I 've always liked to play with kids and do fun activities with them .
As I said before , I 'm really good with little kids . I was a teacher once at a summer school .
They announced that the Big One would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they warned that people had to leave the city or go to safe places in the next few hours .
Peter decided to help his father with his work and the problems that were happening , while his mother was packing the luggage and preparing the car to leave .
He has given me a great opportunity to grow as a beginning singer to sing during a concert and his guidance as a teacher is something that I will always appreciate .
The night has been a rewarding experience and boosted my confidence greatly .
You asked us to organise a visit to a place or building that mirrors one aspect of our life here .
Because of that , there are no regular employees , so at the beginning of every summer new season staff are hired .
The main reason why I loved working there and every day I went to work with a big smile on my face were the possibilities to watch every show I wanted .
We do hope that she can be granted a second interview as we really appreciate your school vision , upholding the spirit of Faith , Hope and Love to nurture students .
As evidenced by the school visit guided by a polite , cheerful and confident P2 student under the Angel Scheme , we think your school vision has been successful to a large extent .
Our elder daughter , Tsz Yin , who is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatly enjoys her school life and , at the same time , has achieved good results in the past three years .
And she has written a letter to you asking you to grant Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in the family of St Paul 's .
To share and learn child - rearing tips with other parents , my wife attends the SPCC monthly book club .
Her teachers have complimented her on being focused , creative and eager to learn .
The literature review has three main parts .
Following that , the next section will examine the entrepreneur 's motivations , which covers 2 major aspects : intrinsic personality traits and extrinsic factors .
I may not know how to cook the usual food of the cafe , but I am a fast learner . I will only need one day to get used to the food and learn how to practise at home , and then it 's up to me to find a way to be good at it .
During Lent , the protagonist gets to know other outcasts ( mainly women ) and helps them .
It suits perfectly the theme of the movie , with a little bit of jazz manouche , a popular genre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscences of Mexican folklore , as the recipes Vianne Rocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Mayan ancestors .
He hardly ever drank alcohol , but thought it would be impolite not to , as he had been invited by his colleague .
He rushed out of the pub , opened the car door and got inside , not knowing that he was to die in an accident because of his current state .
Poland is classed as a country with a hard history and a lot of places remind us remind about that .
Some parents would gasp in horror and reject it when their child asks them if he can keep a pet , whereas other parents would be more than happy to let their children have a pet .
I took it to the hospital when it was sick , and gave it food when it needed to be fed .
After that day , I started to be able to sympathize with people who had lost their beloved ones because I have been through a similar situation .
Based upon my personal experiences , by taking care of pets , children can not only learn to take responsibility , but can also learn to sympathize with others .
Not only financial development , but also the environment are essential to a healthy city .
Eco - tours are also promoted to educate the public and tourists to appreciate the beauty of nature and , above all , to arouse their awareness and cultivate a caring heart towards nature .
Bekir Günay , the Director of the Eurasian Institute , Associate Professor , spoke about a new understanding of Eurasianism .
The round table at St. Petersburg State University attracted quite a large audience .
But have you ever gone to the shop just for milk and bread and come back with a full bag of goods but no bread ?
It depends on the person how often he goes to buy groceries , probably according to individual needs .
Then you feel tired and depressed about the idea of keeping on looking for it in another place .
Jennifer had auditioned , and she was 100% sure that she would be the lead woman .
" Dear Jennifer and Carly Brown , We are delighted to inform you that Carly has been chosen to be the lead woman in our new play .
I could n't believe my ears ! I , Carly Brown , the insipid and far less interesting sister of the great Jennifer Jones , the most beautiful girl in town , had been chosen to become the lead woman in a big play !
From that moment on , I haven't been in Jennifer 's shadow anymore - she has been in my shadow .
These big changes influenced poetry a lot and we can see that , for example , in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referring to industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that creates it in a furnace .
This change makes most people have to work every day , even using their private time , so they need to find out the best way to save their time and boost their energy after work .
To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy it , they even might order fast food by phone because of fast delivery .
In addition , junk food is very easy to find .
According to scientists , people who usually eat a lot of junk food will have more than 50% risk of becoming obese and even dying soon .
As a consequence , they gradually forget how to cook a simple meal and the diversity of healthy food is gradually lost .
Within 6 years , Facebook has reached more than 1 billion users and is still growing rapidly .
To conclude , although social media seem flawless , we should always be careful and responsible before we sign up .
I really think I would be the right person for this .
We are , therefore , in a situation in many countries today where being highly mobile is something
Even though the boat was ready to go , Jessica was afraid of it breaking into pieces again . She could almost foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
She tied the boat with long and very strong fabric made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane . She also used nails to attach some new and more resistant wood to the boat .
Meanwhile , Jacob was completely in love with that girl he met weeks before . Her name was Scarlett . She said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that would change gravity to low levels and for a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive . But as her dad continued with the experiment , his boss got so mad he kicked them out of the city onto that mysterious island .
Jacob asked her again if she wanted to go with him to a better place , but she still refused , until she accepted with only one condition : if all her family could go with them .
Jacob asked Jessica if they could leave the island with Scarlett 's family . She was not happy about it , but she said yes .
But they needed to make the boat even stronger and more rigid so it would support all the family and all the extra food they would need .
Some Pro - choice groups and individuals believe that a person has the right of choice . This includes the right to decide if they want to give birth or not .
Sexual violence has a devastating impact on victims , all areas of a victim 's life are affected .
Undeterred by this , it is still the mother 's decision if she wants to save her own life or carry and care for her rapist 's child .
I witnessed and learned from his ability to work with other faculties , such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School of Law .
I think Dr Montés fulfils the requirements of the position you offer .
Since he has great expertise in teaching , and is an excellent boss , respectful of the opinion , time , and personal background of everybody .
In the letter he complained about the out - of - date system of schools in Italy and he made some suggestions about how this could be overcome by major educational reforms .
I think that the real problem that makes our schools so out - of - date compared to those of other countries is the way teachers communicate with students and transmit their knowledge to them
They should make their students experience school as a pleasant experience , as something their future is based on .
Many people feel that it is good to make their student life easier .
Furthermore , if you go to a library , you could spend all day reading books and learning about different things because in these places there are many ancient books .
On the other hand , I personally think that pupils enjoy working with textbooks more because they can do this activity with classmates and they can help each other .
Also , in my opinion , young people should not use computers for too much time , because this could be dangerous for their health , causing sight problems or headaches .
There are a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents , as they have to work so hard to make ends meet and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us - my brother and me - a good life today and tomorrow .
Because knowledge is the best weapon we have got against those who want to rule us as they want .
It is the weekend and we are all together today .
Next to me , everybody feels calm and confident . I 've learned a lot in the last 15 years .
We 've planned a nice event to celebrate my 50th .
Friends , colleagues , family all those people who were next to me on my way to this wonderful day .
I was excited to get back into the classroom . I would mainly teach online that day , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
And finally , teenagers may be becoming more dependent and introverted because of electronic devices such as mobile phones or personal computers .
For instance , filling the fridge with a large amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , doing some exercise and having some fun with friends regularly .
I 'd like to find a part - time job but , first of all , I have to find an apartment to live in , so I was wondering if you could look for a small apartment where I can live . It would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
It is obvious that in this experiment , students could acquire knowledge more effectively and teachers could also identify weaknesses of students specifically .
The University of Southern Denmark conducted an experiment which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do at language tests .
Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experiment that aimed to test differences of time on operating robots for doing tasks .
It is possible that robotics will be a normal part of individuals ' lives .
Mordoch et al.(2012 ) conducted some examples into robotics in daily lives : social human - robot , social assistive robot , therapeutic robot , mental commitment robot , care robot , robot - therapy .
But the visit which made a lasting impression on my mind is the visit to Red Square .
Indeed , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and has a unique spirit .
For example , in " David Copperfield " , Dickens 's most autobiographical novel , the story is told through a first - person narration from the point of view of the protagonist as an adult .
You are alone on the tennis court facing your opponent .
You must never surrender : until the last ball has bounced twice on the ground , you have to keep fighting , regardless of the score .
Anyway , great to hear that you got the job you really wanted and that you are enjoying it quite a lot .
Last summer I thought I had found it .
Tell me more about the people you work with and how you feel there .
It was a cold night in November . I was exploring a lost temple with my friend Michael . We had been looking for that temple since our teen years : the temple of the silent cartographer .
Then we heard a loud noise coming from inside the temple . It was Soneka . His appearance was glorious ; a big warrior wearing golden armor and carrying a big sword , his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the speed of sound . Our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer , but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer . Michael decided to stay outside the vault . I ran into the cartographer 's temple and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Some of the aspects were discussed during my meeting with Mordechai in August .
Nowadays , travelling by car is much more common than we could ever have imagined .
In contrast , I 'm just getting used to looking things up every day on my computer .
It has turned out to be very handy .
I also like to have a look at the foreign newspapers but they only let you read the headlines and the beginning of the article .
- Method : Data selection- The three songs we will be analyzing and the reasons why we 've chosen them
- Conclusions : The questions we asked before will be answered .
Still , women are the victim in three different ways . We will search for these situations that share the feelings of regret , created by some specific situations .
Anastasia 's song tells a story of a victim . Meanwhile , the others talk about women that feel guilty because they have hurt men .
The material processes show some actions that the girl would like to erase because they only cause emotional abuse to the man .
As we can see , the boy gave her love and she just wanted to leave him .
The processes that appear more usually are mental and relational ( attributive type ) .
On the other hand , the woman just says " I 'm sorry " .
The mental processes , specifically the cognition ones , tell us that she has thought a lot about what she did and that she was wrong .
The other participants appear a few times , but these participants tell us important things about the relationship .
She is regretful because their relationship got worse and it was n't what she supposed it could be .
Although now she is sure , she has suffered a lot . " The cold " and " the fear " were inside her .
Even so , there 's a sentence that could confuse anyone .
Finally , the woman tells him that she will understand that he does n't want to restart the relationship , but she makes a promise :
This sentence and some others sound like they were spoken by a man …
Anyway , I was thinking maybe you could help me out with this latest one . I 'm supposed to do some research on eating customs around the world and I figured , instead of just doing a quick search on Google and grabbing something off a Wikipedia article , I 'd ask you for a more direct source of input on the habits of the English .
In my opinion , running is one of the most helpful sports when it comes to starting to move and get fit , in particular for those people who have not been doing any kind of physical activity for a long time .
This activity will not demand huge amounts of money to be done and , with an insignificant investment , would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
There are almost no contraindications to practising this sport , so almost everybody in the town has the opportunity to try it at least once .
The reading passage mentions three ways to prevent cane toads from spreading , while the speaker offers three reasons to refute the reading passage .
Thus , the lecture disputes the idea mentioned in the article that building a national fence could prevent the spreading .
The lecturer says that if the virus was brought to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it would cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the method mentioned in the reading whereby a specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
Working in the community is more appropriate compared to sending people to prison when criminals have committed a minor offence .
For example , in Bulgaria , people who lie down and relax on the grass in the park are sent to jail for 6 years , because they are considered to be " doing serious damage to the environment and preventing the park from further development " .
Community service orders should be used when people have acted unintentionally and when they have committed a minor offence , as this will help them realize their mistakes , without them being limited in freedom by being sent to prison .
This will help them realize their mistakes and thus , quit making them .
Without law , this world that we are living in would not be in order and peace , but in chaos .
I believe that every human , organization and company has their own rights and it is my duty to use my legal knowledge to protect them from infringement of their rights .
In my opinion , the exchange of thoughts and views between all these brilliant people is exactly where a totally new and creative idea will be sparked .
Adults need to teach teenagers the importance of not abusing social networks , especially Facebook .
Teachers at school may impose more restrictions that make teenagers avoid using social networks in an extreme way .
At work , bosses may reduce employee 's salaries if their job gets affected because of distractions that are caused by social networks .
Secondly , it was surprising to discover the absence of internet access in the computer room .
Finally , authentic materials in foreign languages were not found in the school 's library .
Thus , I suggest making subscriptions to international magazines in order to enrich the school 's library .
I strongly believe that if the suggestions made in this proposal are given attention , the service provided to language learners will be strengthened and enhanced .
I could be pulled over the snowy cliff by Joe 's fall in my effort to pull him up instead .
Although the story is focused on the Lord 's family , the service staff has an important part to play , as the world is changing continuously and the nobility is becoming old - fashioned .
Conscientious by nature , I always strive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , and consistently complete my tasks .
The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people have to decide whether to relate to it or take an interest in it .
She falls in love with him , but unfortunately , he is engaged and his fiancée is an awful person who always tries to humiliate Flor .
And by the way , the soundtrack is awesome , you 'll be addicted to it .
It is worth mentioning that schools are considering the environment as part of the education system that should be taught to students .
And I just ca n't forget to mention the beautiful scenery and realistic special effects .
Not only that , what prides itself as the most influential vehicle - as most people recognize - is the automobile .
It is generally believed that the invention of the car has led to the dispersion of the population out of urban centers , to the growth of the suburbs .
Prior to the automobile , is the horse and wagon life , it was not feasible for people to live far from their place of work .
Moreover , it has led to an important expansion in commerce , resulting in the growth of the ubiquitous shopping malls , department stores , serving as a powerful pull for tourism .
Being able to live far from one 's workplace , people can travel far and wide for pleasure and indulge themselves in a remarkable trip .
Though good enough , the growth of the population and mobility do not tell the whole story .
This powerful vehicle is considered vital for another reason : being an indispensable factor in many respects .
The whole business success would not have reached perfection without the help of transportation to distribute their materials and commodities well .
Work and social life both play important roles in putting people 's lives together .
For example , every day it seems that an extremely tight deadline is always chasing after me and making me breathless .
Therefore , the happiness derived from my social connections helps to alleviate the stress related to work .
Both acquiring new knowledge and making new friends make me feel happy .
Therefore , an active social life not only benefits my mental health but also keeps me in a good mood .
However , most of the time , people maintain a good relationship with their co - workers in order to accomplish their common task harmoniously .
In big cities , the air is very polluted because there are too many cars . Travelling by public transport reduces the impact on the environment , something that most people are aware of , but still they prefer to use their own vehicle .
There are some reasons why people leave shops in a bad mood , or even do n't want to go into them .
It is said that the man who goes shopping for more than one hour is angry and tired .
Going from one store to another can waste your time , cost you a lot in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaust you ; when it comes to products that you regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way you get a bigger quantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - a great way to make your purchases from the comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , deal with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wait in huge queues .
The Historical Peninsula is the centre of ancient Istanbul where the four major empires were ruled from .
Last week , I attended the C&A meeting as one of the major speakers .
The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time and , as a result , I was late for my departure for Chicago .
I am not completely certain , but I remember that the last time I saw them was near the tiny blue table located in the left - hand corner of the room .
If you find them , could you send them to my office by post ?
I have wanted to be a programmer since I was 14 years old .
With the advent of privately owned vehicles like the car , an individual 's dependence on public transport has certainly been reduced .
From an environmental perspective , the use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented , helping to preserve the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi , where the carbon emissions are very high .
However , there 's always a channel that broadcasts a new episode .
Every bank note should be coloured both sides and we even need to use special ink in case of being copied .
Some good quality sheets will be packaged and distributed to the market but the bad sheets will be disposed of .
Maybe there will be some partially damaged sheets , so the bank notes will be separated into good and bad .
It got out of control and they started fighting .
Peter tried to stop them but it was impossible , so he tried to find somebody to separate them .
He did n't find anyone , so he grabbed Louis and tried to calm them down .
Louis got caught and told the police that Lucas was the one that had broken it .
Peter knew that Lucas was n't guilty but he and Louis had been best friends since elementary school , he had to make his decision and he only had two minutes until they took Lucas to the police station .
Because of this , the store detective was able to catch the thief and recover all the books .
He only agrees to take on cases nobody else can solve and most of the time he succeeds .
Nevertheless , it is distinct from other medical series as he constantly thinks outside of the box .
The first time I heard about volleyball , I was in my last secondary school year and we were invited to cheer on a local team during a regional tournament in Lima , Peru .
Needless to say , in order to combat the rising tide of social problems in Hampshire , the Education Authority decided to increase funds for the educational sector .
Cooking classes will help students spend less money on eating out and they will start eating more healthily because by making their own food they will be more aware of what they are eating .
As most college students will soon leave for university and will live in dorms , without their parents , they are obliged to fix malfunctions by themselves .
The information they acquire during these courses will help them for the rest of their lives .
These courses will develop the civic sense of students and they will start getting involved actively in society .
Having easy access to such a rich offering before having developed the ability to make correct choices or filter the information received , our children and young people are constantly under attack from dangerous role models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
It 's not too late , though , to try to bring our beloved TV back to the importance which radio had for our parents and grandparents , we only need to see it as a potential new social problem and start a process of control and continuous improvement , maybe giving the most virtuous networks the chance to be highlighted .
It not only helps reduce pollution , but also allows users to save money in a world where the cost of gasoline is exponentially increasing .
Only by doing so will we help to keep our atmosphere free of CO2 emissions and all the grim consequences they have .
I think I can be very helpful to your camp , helping you take care of the kids and also helping you in the kitchen , because I really love to cook .
When I was younger , I went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have , so it would be really great to know I would make some kids feel the same way .
I really hope you accept me in your camp , and I await your response with excitement .
I hope you will like it .
Not concerned with the harsh environment but her own appetite , she demanded Lucky Wang make a delicious meal with fresh fish .
In desperation , he walked to the river bank .
It was exactly when he was hesitating whether to go home to face the beatings from his stepmother or not that two carp leaped up out of the ice and flopped onto the bank in front of him .
Surprised and delighted , the boy took the fish home and prepared delicious fish soup for his stepmother .
In this day and age it falls on the taxpayers .
Sooner or later we will have to face the music .
First of all , it would be a good idea to encourage young people to start saving money as soon as possible .
Secondly , the state could take 5 percent from every salary .
The pensioners would receive their money when they retire .
It would be a long - lasting benefit for both parties .
Our state would have a large sum of money , which is an invaluable resource .
Maybe you spend more hours than travelling by car but I think it is worth it , because you can save money .
So , I think the statement should be like this : " There is no future for travelling by car , because public transport is so much more convenient and cheaper " .
Not to mention the social bonding ability of it , while game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no - strings - attached nature of streetball events always compensate for its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , appear to be shared between every single sports event ) .
It is a fun , culturally - enriching experience which I recommend anyone interested in going beyond the competitive aspect of sports to try .
Moreover , they often smoke and drink alcohol , which causes serious physical and mental diseases ( CasaColumbia , 2007 ) .
Indeed , the public transport cost for the same journey done by car hardly covers the amount invested .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase , and so does the price for public transport ; the economic policy of importing countries tends to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
I found out about this new shop from friends and pictures online , so I decided to go check it out for myself .
As I had arrived just as they opened at 1 pm , I had the whole place to myself .
He felt that a lot of places out there tend to make the experience too rushed , where you have to queue up for an hour and finish eating in 20 minutes before they kick you out .
Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to watch the chef as he prepared my dessert at the counter and I was getting more and more excited about tating his artful presentation as it came to life !
This was a chocolate themed dessert with bamboo charcoal ice cream , chocolate ice marshmallow , chocolate caviar and raspberry sorbet .
My tea was brought out with a teapot and a small hourglass timer and I was supposed to wait 3 minutes before I poured the tea .
The price was n't cheap for dessert , but if you take into account the entire experience and compare it to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
They also told me that they plan on introducing a new tea set menu during the day , so stay tuned !
Undeniably , the food culture disparity between China and Japan is tremendous , although our ancestors originated from the same ethic .
But still , our customs have evolved a lot .
Due to the geographical conditions where Japan is located in the Pacific Ocean , people here have adapted to eating raw fish and like to offer it as a main dish to serve customers in most restaurants .
When we play football , we definitely cooperate with the other teammates in order to be the winner .
The worst players are those who do not put their trust in the other teammates and the best ones are those who put their full trust in their teammates .
The downside of this is that hordes of eager newly trained divers populate the underwater world , often with little clue as to the life - threatening risks that they are taking .
I saw dive - buddies and even professional dive masters pushing and encouraging novice divers to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular wreck or enter that mysterious cave when they simply do not have the appropriate training for it .
You can imagine that it is really traumatic for divers when they encounter a corpse in the water , not to mention the great distress such a disaster causes for the family that was left behind .
I love teaching because I love to learn and love to share my knowledge with others .
Students have to master language skills , with which the students can achieve their academic goals .
but let 's think ... is it really so interesting to know , for example , what Madonna 's second husband eats for breakfast ?
His former boss retired and nominated him for the position , claiming he was more than qualified and had the appropriate skill set to keep the department on track as well as make any necessary changes .
As soon as one problem in the company was solved , another one , just as infuriating , would come up with the party planning .
Mithen 's ( 2010 ) research shows that most ancient civilizations inaugurated themselves near water resources and successful civilizations were dependent upon delicate systems of water transport .
The main precautionary measure was purely judging the turbidity of the water , and this false practice has remained ever since , even nowadays .
Unlike the past , where people had little knowledge about sanitation and hygiene , with better scientific understanding and public education , people learn to think and evaluate the quality of the water that they are drinking and using every day .
This scientific discovery broke down barriers and enabled biologists to observe organisms that were invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
People of all ages and cultures eat there .
This said , you can imagine the atmosphere is comfortably airy .
There has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people present a different identity on Facebook through using " a different language and writing style " .
They had plans for the future before .. he thought he would marry her .
This happens because some people are famous just because they have had an affair with a singer or a footballer , so the only thing people want to know about them is if that is true or not , and when it happened .
In the case of politicians , I do n't mind what they do on their holidays , for example , if they work properly when they should .
It happened that one day a friend of mine took me to a Film Club session .
Elena could n't have been happier with the situation .
Every single detail should be perfect to make the best first impression .
You only have one opportunity to make a good first impression , he said to himself .
She was a very kind and intelligent woman , and Michael was sure that she was going to be a perfect boss and they would work very easily together .
For example , people interested in cooking have some gourmet shops where they will be able to taste our traditional products .
When you 're driving your own car you have a lot of comfort .
And you never , ever , come into contact with other people .
You do n't have to wait till it arrives and it is never late .
When you want to travel the world or just go to visit your parents who are two thousand miles from you , it would be better to take a bus or a train .
And what if the car you 're driving breaks down ?
People may say that travelling on public transport is the future for our lives .
Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to dealing with the day - to - day tasks , we very often find travelling in our own car is the easiest way .
At the end of the day , we decide to use our car , as , the way we live today , combining work , family and hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seems to be our best option .
You wanted to know what I was said to do before and during the concert , so I will try to explain everything .
Before the concert started , me and my co - workers had to clean the stage , set up the equipment and make sure everything worked well : the sound , the lighting and the instruments .
I find that people consider sailing either a very boring sport , or a very dangerous one ;
Sailing is all about cooperation , and to really enjoy it one needs to do it regularly , to be able to get to know the crew and find the most suitable role on the deck .
Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on . For me , a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also the kinds of people s / he might possibly have to deal with .
When we use public transport , we can read a newspaper or book and when we drive a car it 's impossible .
Driving a car is also more tiring . A driver must concentrate all the time .
Also , going on holidays by car can be very convenient .
Furthermore , I would like to ask you if there are any individuals who would be able to look after groups like us ?
The final section of this proposal makes some recommendations about what should be done to improve the website aesthetic and improve user - friendliness .
The following day , she went back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they were very curious about Alison 's weird trip .
Speaking about sport , I ca n't help talking about football , because this is very spectacular kind of sport .
Some football players are world famous ; they have excellent careers and take part in every championship .
However , they are becoming more and more popular even among beginners .
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to watch , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of every one of us , and in particular , in the lives of people who can not afford to travel , buy books or live in an educational environment .
The film , directed by Louis Leterrier , is about four magicians , known as " The Four Horsemen " that are joined together by a mysterious benefactor , and during their presentations they do all kinds of illegal stuff , such as robbing a bank or ripping off their own boss .
Because of them , there 's an agent of the FBI , Dylan Rhodes , that pursues them through different states of the EE.UU .
They are capable of making you think they really know how to trick someone .
What I did not do in the vacations
Some hikes are short , but steep and some hikes are long and involve no climbing at all .
Monica works as the main chef in a restaurant situated in Manhattan , she has been Rachel 's best friend since high school and she longs for a boyfriend ( she finally marries Chandler ) .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is running the Internet .
Not only do I use it for leisure , but I also use it for work . I will have to change the way I do things on a daily basis .
What if that boy was smarter than him ?
Then I look for the diseases which the scientists are currently working on to find their cure .
The majority of patients that have had general anaesthetic , like Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post - anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , especially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
The first 24 hours post surgery is considered the most critical period , because the patient can present , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse needs to maintain cardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Addressing the airway management after Mr. Sharma 's admission to PACU , the first procedure that the nurse should carry out , is follow the A - G assessment protocol , to review the stability and the airway patency of the patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hypercapnia ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Therefore , the oxygen therapy needs to continue immediately along with his admission , via nasal cannula or oxygen mask within 4 to 6L / min , until the anaesthesia effects are completely gone and the patient 's oxygen saturation is restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is being given O2 via Hudson mask 6L / min , because he received general anaesthesia and all of his muscles are relaxed and , at the moment , he does not have control over his reflexes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Do not forget to greet me when we meet on the road .
Differentiated instructions , giving different tasks for the same activity , are proven to be necessary in a class with varied levels of student .
It 's necessary to emphasize that Ukrainian music has changed a lot from the time of Independence and is now developing very fast .
It 's interesting to mention that there is a fashion for Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
So I think that creating a small bus line between the villages would help a lot of people , especially the older ones .
Working on projects helps me improve my organizational and planning skills .
As a country with one of the longest coastlines in the world , I definitely would recommend you to visit the beautiful beaches we have .
I would also recommend you to visit the city of Rio de Janeiro , there you will find beautiful beaches , wonderful weather and the wonders of nature in a modern and international city .
You will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " and " Corcovado " . I have no words to describe how beautiful they are .
Most of the biggest American companies have been in Brazil for a long time and , as an English native speaker , it will be easier for you to find an internship .
The nine months that you will spend travelling around Brazil will give you a better understanding of Portuguese and that will be an advantage to you when finding a new job here .
We tried to make everyone have fun .
My classes will be from Monday to Friday , but just in the mornings .
Besides that , I would love to travel to other European countries .
If you ca n't go with me , I think we could go out some nights .
My tasks included organizing sports and other activities for children .
Dancing is something that human beings have always done , in one way or another .
That , by chance , happened to be near my town .
I also noticed that one team was not writing anything .
When I approached them , they said they could n't remember the exact words that were dictated .
Another team used the words to make sentences that were unrelated to the story .
Ss did n't know how much time they had to finish the task .
Of course , I originally went there to work : putting the chairs and tables right , ensuring that everyone in my appointed space was well fed , and keeping an eye on the cash counter .
All of the above have been making good progress in developing the P.1 - 4 school - based mathematics curriculum while there is still an area for development in the P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
More collaborative efforts should be made to make use of the sound teaching strategies with the aim of improving the learning performance of NCS .
• 30% of them stated that they watch them at most twice a week , but they would do so more often if they were subtitled ;
Although the importation of such programmes has had positive effects , such as the introduction of new perspectives on different aspects of life , it has also had negative outcomes .
I would therefore suggest that local products be protected and valorised , to be able to respond to the threat represented by low - price imported ones .
Not everyone can afford to travel by car every day , so they choose public transport .
This is in contrast to the guide " Light at the End of the Tunnel : Practical Reflections on the French and British in Business " published by the French chamber of commerce in Great Britain .
The British do n't say what they are thinking , in contrast to the Dutch .
This is one of the reasons why most French under 50 do n't speak English very well .
The native speakers seek each other out ; the British get together with the Americans , and the French , well … they are on their own .
It 's no use teaching French in schools , because the French only accept near native speakers .
In many cases , volunteers are crucial to helping support life , as when meals are delivered to housebound people .
It 's something that is part of our growth to adulthood .
Things gradually improved day by day for a time and my revenues started growing .
As a matter of fact , Budapest , the capital city of Hungary , could be a very good competitor for hosting this sporting event .
The obsolete trams and trolleys have been replaced .
Bicycle trails criss - cross the city .
In conclusion , it would be a good idea and a viable way is through sponsorship .
By that time I had attended six interviews , but nobody was interested in my candidacy .
It turned out that they sent my work to a few institutes and one of them was interested in me .
So , is it really worth getting away from it all and setting off on a journey around the world or getting their first job ?
I learned somewhere that the best thing to make a path through your writing is to start typing .
How can someone know they have got the talent ?
Writers often make their masterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make them more acceptable to people , less shocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers had the intention of escaping when they picked that piece of writing in the first place .
This means that a number of offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options for earning money .
As a result , they are easily attracted by the allure of wealth , which leads to illegal activities such as theft , kidnapping or drug trafficking .
In conclusion , although human nature is likely to be a cause of crime , I hold the position that crime occurs due to the media and poverty .
In the modern - day world technology is no longer a tool for survival but it has turned into a means of communication and entertainment .
The primary concern regarding this new communication behavior is whether it makes face - to - face interaction and communication between people nonexistent .
Lots of children get their hair cut like their favourite football player 's , others dress like their favourite actors and actresses or even adults act like their role models , just because they all do have something in common : they admire those people .
Nowadays , in some specific cases , people , if they want to get a good position or be promoted , flatter .
When getting these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influence or flattery . And to be honest , I do n't know what I prefer .
A way that no one ever seems to tell you about .
When you use a technique successfully on your opponent , you feel more confidence .
Every time you use a technique you have to show your respect to your opponent , and also other ranks , regardless of their age .
When you use a technique or defend against a technique , you control your body 's movement and coordinate them to work at the same time .
People who practise martial arts are less aggressive because they practice controlling their inner energy , and also respecting others .
But before starting , you should evaluate your needs and your health .
The exceptional play that we saw yesterday features all the iconic characters adapted to some extent to the present time , such as , the White Rabbit , Mad Hatter , the blue caterpillar or the Queen of Hearts .
One of the biggest differences compared with the book is the atmosphere created on stage and the characterization of the characters .
The only negative comment I could make is that you do not have the possibility to use your imagination in the same way as when you read the book .
They enjoyed being the " boss " and telling other students what to do .
This is the first time I have tried this method and I neglected to leave the students extra time to be able to benefit fully from the exercise .
The next time I do this lesson , I will use a more skills - based lesson with perhaps a listening or a short reading .
Inside it , we can find the well known Sistine chapel . I ca n't tell you what it 's like , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't enter .
Counting on someone capable of understanding your needs , who shares with you their innermost feelings and who is able to discuss possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
Curiously , you never know where you will find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe go to the same sports lessons as you or simply work in the same company .
Or have they run away ?
When I looked in the mirror , my face was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purple , when I looked at my hands and my arms , they were all red from my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted like my face .
On the one hand , I have been learning English for so long that my good proficiency has given me the chance to get a position in an international team .
Nevertheless , learning another language has many benefits , such as the ability to live in and visit countries with different languages , meeting foreign people , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in other languages , etc .
Dear Paul , you are right , it is really a brave step but you know how terrible the situation in Italy is and I have decided to come to the UK to improve my CV as well .
The aim of this experience is also to have fun and a great time with you .
There 's no special advice to give to somebody who wants to start this activity : if you aim to do something good for your health and for your mind , just wear comfortable clothes , put a pair of trainers on , choose the most inspiring place and just go and enjoy every minute of it .
I think this will be a very good experience for you because you can learn about another culture and another people 's way of thinking .
In Korea , we have many kinds of work which are related to English , so you can get a job easily .
Michael asked me where I had been at the time of the crime and I told him that I had been at home having a rest with a friend who could bear out the alibi .
During the interview , I realised the different ways I could use to get away if I were alone .
I loved it .
As a secret I can tell you that I want to marry him so badly , I swear to god that my life would be much better if I could live all of it with him .
" It 's time for us to shine , " His handwritten words came to life in her mind .
Every movement seemed to take a minute to execute .
My CV , which is enclosed , includes additional information on my experience and skills .
They got closer to the man .
She searched the man , looking for an ID . She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go . He fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
They went up to the receptionist .
" Are you two the people who will do their skill test ? "
Such programs also allow us to participate by giving our feedback .
Imagine you could program your house to welcome you after a long day at work .
Firstly , I would like to say that I have some experience of looking after children because I worked at a local summer camp last summer .
It 's no secret that there has been a decline in the use of transport such as taxis ever since cars became more affordable and your common Joe became capable of keeping one , two or more per family . However , does that really mean that the future of public transport like buses is hopeless ?
Nothing was distracting his attention .
He took the keys from his pocket and approached carefully , holding his breath .
If you are a fan of romantic films , you probably wo n't like this movie . " Palmeras en la nieve " is a Spanish film based on a book written by Luz Gabas which is about the life of a Spanish man who goes to Bioko to work and he falls in love with a native woman .
It 's been a long time since we last contacted each other .
This is why I suggest people give swimming a try .
I believe you should be fully informed about the quality of the services in the advertisements you publish , as your readers could be negatively biased against your paper due to such incidents .
Generally , the holiday as a whole was good enough , as the most important -in my opinion- aspects , like the quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , were very high .
Joey is an actor and he is always having auditions but without success .
I really recommend this movie , but if you plan to watch it with your family , I do have to tell you that there is a lot of blood and killing in the film .
I can easily give it a five star rating , because all of the events that happen seem real in the movie , and they are events that could happen in real life .
I am looking forward to taking part in this project , and enriching my CV through participation in this project .
Everything in this movie , Henri , is so simple and startling , but at the same time hard to describe .
In France , where the film was made , they call the handicapped , " White Butterflies " , which is definitely a better nomenclature than " People With Special Needs " and so many disrespectful names .
Chase the childish dream of visiting a foreign country and getting to know new aspects of life .
Nowadays , many countries have ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention of constructing housing and transport networks to cater for the needs of people .
There are many problems created by doing large - scale building projects , and it is the government 's responsibility to deal with these problems .
For example , in some areas , people have to wear a mask while doing outdoor activities and they might need to purchase water from other towns .
As a result , their lifestyle can be negatively affected and thus they will feel less happy than other people living in unpolluted areas .
They have to migrate to another place since their homes are destroyed , and during the migration most of them will die because of lack of water , high temperatures or predators .
Although there are many people and animals that are suffering from these problems , I do believe that the government can take some actions to solve them .
Firstly , laws should be created to forbid some projects which cause massive problems for the environment .
First of all , on the English course which I did at the HZ , I learned and improved my writing in many ways .
And the other questions : which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations help me with my writing process ?
Which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations help me with my writing process ?
More words can be added to the article , so there can be a better explanation of the subject .
We can not deny that there will be a time when no person will want to travel by bus or train .
Children quite often feel guilty of not being able to prevent these problems or help their mothers to escape from them and tend to think they are doing something wrong when they obviously are not .
It is very serious and hard to solve , because victims have to be very strong and brave to recognize and face these situations and be able to report their aggressor so as to manage the matter finishes .
In most cases , they even feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefer saying nothing to telling the truth .
The reasons for use are dependent on the individual and the circumstances .
However , the drama is perfectly achieved in each scene and they keep you glued to the screen .
For instance , some group could have questions , but it would not be able to ask the other group because they would be sleeping at that time .
Therefore , the working group will make its own assumptions and may cause a waste of time .
It 's a fact that tobacco has been used as a light drug for centuries by people of different nationalities .
Because of human activities , the temperature of the sea 's surface and the atmosphere have been gradually increasing to a new level .
This will largely cause less soil water and precipitation .
The area as mid - continental will unquestionably become drier and have insufficient precipitation , which may make it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
The direct impact of prolonged drought is the reduction of incomes for farmers resulting from the decrease in output .
When the public suffers from natural disasters and there are no solutions , they are forced to leave their homes in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might face a multicultural society .
In conclusion , catastrophes such as drought have had immense economic and social impacts .
Additionally , climate change related to natural disasters also causes famine , which has caused deaths and forced people as well as animals to leave their homes . More seriously , the climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
Perhaps I am doing a little wishful thinking .
Everything seems to strange when you are fifteen and you are talking about love .
To me , to fall in love , is to accept and admire those little things that exist in that human being .
Their life will be happier when you cease to exist .
They will always love you based on your looks rather than your personality .
I am the chairman of the 2012 Metropolitan Medical Conference that is being held in Miami , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , and I would like to invite you to present your research on beta blockers . We would be delighted to listen to you discussing your work , and I hope you will also agree to run a short question - and - answer session after the presentation .
Please reply with your answer as soon as you are able to , so that we can begin to arrange your travel .
Some people do not think of walking as a sport , they believe that a sport has to be a rough activity , one that leaves you overtired and sweating .
I would like to give some advice to people who want to start walking : take your time , do not try to walk ten kilometers the first day . Try short walks first and every day increase the distance .
He knew that soon he would have to face his most powerful enemy , the Easter Bunny .
He grabbed the phone to try to call his parents .
He did n't have time to get scared because all that he was thinking was why he did n't wake up at once .
I think it is true that colour does influence our decision when we buy different things .
No doubt manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and , consequently , it means that things of this colour will sell well .
We love doing sleepovers , watching movies and going on holidays together .
It is generally accepted that television provides us with by far the best and easiest way to stay in touch with the whole world , while relaxing on our sofa , taking some time off from our housework .
This is the innovation that such a worldwide medium brings to our society .
Recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spending most of their afternoons in front of the television so as not to miss a new cartoon or a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today 's televisions are full of .
In view of the above arguments , I would suggest everyone cuts down on television in order to have more time to read newspapers daily .
Lastly , if the use of public transport decreases drastically or stops , many people will be unemployed . They could not earn more money and buy cars for going from one place to another .
In conclusion , public transport is very important for every person in some way and without it everything would be a disaster .
Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the deadlines , the exams , and other stuff that force you to get things done , and , as a consequence , teach you to be a responsible person , which you will need to be when you get a job , you will simply be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
I 've wasted so much time in my life that even I find it embarrassing .
I was as happy as a lark but soon it would get dark .
Emphatically , I reminded myself that I would n't have survived had it not been for God 's help !
I was born in Russia , but have lived in many different countries around the world .
She was my first teacher who taught me to repeat my first word and took my hand to take my first step .
This may cause not only the animal 's death by being run over , but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and loses control of the car .
It is our fault because we have let the companies profit from our own sins .
A huge mirror in her bedroom made the child believe that one was able to travel through it anywhere .
After taking part in numerous festivals and concerts , she finally entered a joint British - Russian program for training socio - cultural managers in the cultural sphere .
However , I would advise people who would like to start dancing to really take it seriously , because even though I said it was fun , it really does require commitment and discipline .
Recently I listened to a discussion on how adults can be a good influence on young people .
This can range from the rules your parents have set for you , to the laws created by the government .
Today we will put a spotlight on the famous facts and myths about " Frozen shoulder " .
3- An important fact about frozen shoulder is that no surgery is usually needed .
You can never have a frozen shoulder if you follow this advice :
- If you have had a surgery or an injury , you should keep moving your shoulder joint within a limit even if it is painful .
The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation about how our town takes care of the environment as well as about what people do with their rubbish and how the town is trying to keep the area clean and attractive .
As far as I am concerned , there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you throw litter on the floor , you will have to pay a fine .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to go in terms of environmental concerns , but some of these solutions suggested by the mayor help us stop the pollution .
There are some kinds of pollution , such as garbage and discarded bottles , but some pollution is invisible , such as noise and dirty air .
It has already had a great impact on people 's lives .
If we do n't start to confront this problem , we will hurt this planet we live on .
Environmental problems affect us all .
Also , planting more trees instead of cutting them down will purify our breathing air and reduce air pollution .
It was dark outside , the weather was windy and the leaves were falling from the trees .
It is so tightly woven you do not realise it is telling you the story of a failure .
I am excited about applying for the Course Materials Writer position available at your company .
My scientific work has been published in seven scientific articles .
I am a very dynamic , creative and proactive person and I have a strong work ethic .
Public transportation can help fight greenhouse gas emissions and can help us protect the world from climate - change effects .
But in modern countries , the environmental effects of one 's behavior are becoming important and concerning .
While the hyper - sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for many parents , sending their children to a mixed - sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they will grow to adulthood .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it seems to me that choosing a single - sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and , in many cases , reinforce some of the many stereotypes that we , as a society , have regarding gender . Therefore , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but for the child as a key to the future of the country and , to an extent , to the world .
Therefore , and to sum up , It is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mixed - sex schools , which reflect the society we live in , as opposed to single - sex schools , which may reinforce those stereotypes that are undermining society .
Not only did they share a clear interest in writing about social issues that affected contemporary life in Britain , but they also had similar ways of structuring their novels .
The reason ? I told him I had found a job in another city and I was considering moving house .
I mean it was a joke I made , and I had no real intention of leaving him .
I must have seemed cruel to him because , despite our daily disagreements , he adored me and was serious about settling down soon .
Despite all the hard work I had to do , I would not have to think twice if they asked me to do it again .
Not to mention that now I have some good connections in the world of the rich and famous !
Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with climate change , food shortages have become a significant problem facing many countries .
Some assert that genetically modified food technology could be applied to address this problem .
This essay will argue that genetically modified food could be the way out of the problem of food deficit and this will be done by focusing on its environmental benefits and increased food yield .
Actually , thousands of tests on GM food , before bringing it onto the markets , have proven that it is harmless to both the environment and human health .
It has been found in the first section that a large percentage of the male respondents preferred to stay at home on holidays , while 90% of the female students like to go to the seaside .
In the second section , both the girls and the boys questioned claimed that they do n't spend their free time going to the theatre or the opera .
In contrast to the male respondents , the girls questioned go to evening classes in their free time .
Like the male respondents , the girls questioned go to the cinema regularly .
In contrast to the girls questioned , who almost never play computer games , the majority of the male students play games for hours in their leisure time .
If any conclusions can be drawn from the data , they are as follows .
There is , therefore , a clear need for young people to prefer active and educational leisure time activities to passive ones .
We do know that the incident might have caused some inconveniences , but the most important thing is that none of our guests or staff were injured .
We hope that our explanations and apologies will make you change your mind and that you will give us another chance in the future to provide you with a much more delightful experience .
But despite all this , there will always be people without a car who need to commute every day , so there is a long future for public transport .
There is nothing worse than not being able to communicate with people when you 're in a foreign country .
This article deals with the benefits and drawbacks , if there are any , of learning another language .
Besides , you 'll understand the native people when you go on holiday .
To wrap up the article , I 'd strongly recommend that young people learn at least one new foreign language , especially if you 're a student .
They are also the reason for many problems which arise in the private lives of some celebrities .
On the other hand , not everybody wants to reveal the secrets of their private life .
For these kinds of people , it is important not to bring out family scenes and problems , as they do n't want to be discussed in public .
As a volunteer I helped make meals for VIP guests .
Nowadays , almost everyone in the world has contact with computers and the great majority of them have used the Internet .
Nowadays , anyone can take a photo from the web and claim it 's theirs .
The American press had widely covered the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which had been spread across the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall , as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
The articles headlined " Soviet crisis " broadly described the situation in the capital of Russia .
The plotters immediately encountered strong opposition from the leadership of the RSFSR leaders under the guidance of President Boris Yeltsin .
Decisive actions by Yeltsin were supported by most world governments and international communities .
Boris Yeltsin gained international acclaim when he occupied the Russian White House and faced down the threats of the coup 's leaders .
The figure of Boris Yeltsin became the most popular one at that time the in world 's press .
American newspapers wrote that Boris Yeltsin acquired new status through his defiant stand , also mentioning that the people had known little about him .
The author lays the stress on the democratic processes in the country which acquired a broad and irreversible character .
The press underlined that many Americans dusted off fears left over from the Cold War and were harshly reminded that this was still the nuclear age .
The dissolution of the Communist party also became one of most popular issues in the American mass - media .
The US mass - media followed the reaction to the crisis inside the Communist party closely . One of the articles in the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " says that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
The dissolution of the Communist party was considered as one of the features of the collapse of the Soviet Union .
In the Washington Post , the editorial remarks that the failure of the Moscow coup finally broke the influence of the Communist Party over the power structures and the world outlook of Soviet people .
The official collapse of the Soviet Union occurred in December 1991 .
On the 25th of December 1991 , Gorbachov officially resigned .
The Washington Post wrote : " a spokesman for Russian President Boris Yeltsin said that the Soviet Union will cease to exist by the end of 1991 .
A world where everybody is able to communicate in the same language - is that pure utopia or might it be a realistic idea ?
Moreover , English is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotiate in the business market .
While teaching everyone English , it would also be profitable to teach basic knowledge of mathematics , physics or other relevant topics which might be helpful .
Such a standardised educational system for every single person in the world would therefore not only benefit the communication or existing businesses but also help third - world countries to start companies , trade and industrialise their countries so they can take care of themselves and get out of poverty .
In order to accomplish this endowment there would be a need for teachers which would lead to many new job opportunities .
After all , a couple of professions might become extinct . For example , translators , but , therefore , the organisation and execution of this big project would provide a range of other jobs which could make up for the ones lost .
However , this great improvement still has a few weaknesses .
On the other hand , the suggestion of English as the worldwide spoken language might be up against a lot of criticism , since the United States does not have many supporters everywhere .
Under these circumstances , some people may prefer to take public transport to save money for their " dream house " rather than buy a car .
Like our ancestors would never have imagined that we could now fly in the sky by plane .
Technological advancement is , after all , always something that drops a bombshell on us , so suddenly that we can never predict how far it could go .
Maybe one day we will need neither cars , nor public transport .
Simply by thinking of a specific location , we could go there in a split second .
There 's not much work you have to do on a normal day , but maybe this will be a special one , because of the match between Celta and Real Madrid that is going to be held half a kilometre away .
Once you close it , it would be great if you could leave the keys at David 's house , which is in the same building .
There are about 14 workers in the shop , divided into 2 groups with a different schedule for each one .
The bill will be paid by us .
For example , a close relationship or a serious illness makes us look at the world around us through different eyes , and they also let us grow into more interesting and nicer human beings .
Furthermore , we sometimes feel scared of facing new experiences and then we can miss a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
So , do n't worry and bring t - shirts and shorts !
Nowadays , there 's more to school than sitting quietly at the desk and solving mathematical equations .
Not only is it an advantage for their health if they 're able to create healthy meals , but it also strengthens relationships among classmates , as they might help and support each other while trying new dishes .
Teachers can take up the role of the parents and give them knowledge about finances and the right way to handle them .
To conclude , there are a lot of things worth considering teaching in school .
He usually travels from place to place following the most burning news around the world .
Flying to different continents is easy nowadays but still expensive .
During winter , Brussels can be quite cold .
Nevertheless , his stay was not as pleasant as he had expected .
Jake 's main challenge was to get around and reach the places he had planned to visit both for his research and for tourist purposes .
Its inhabitants get around exclusively in their own cars .
To make matters even better , there was some music playing a few metres ahead , which contributed to livening up the spirits of everyone present there .
If I also had a year free , I would only want to travel , not work .
If you decide to base yourself in Geneva , I suggest you first visit the north of Switzerland from the west to the east and then the south of Switzerland from the east to the west .
Therefore , I suggest you work during your travelling time .
For instance , if you plan to stay more than one week in Zermat in Wallis , think about trying to find a place where you could help in a restaurant or a shop .
She said that she would come out in five minutes .
Five more minutes went by , and he decided to go into the bungalow .
They both knew what would happen if Tris 's husband found a stranger in his house .
Finally , you can choose who will travel with you .
Second , people on boats are granted the opportunity to see beautiful ocean wildlife , while taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the birds in the sky because planes travel at such a high speed .
In the first place , few people knew about this law , and , of course , most businesses opposed the idea .
It 's not easy for me to talk about myself , but I 'll do my best .
Before moving to Augsburg , I studied biology for two semesters in Erlangen , but soon realised that it was n't the right subject of study for me .
Also , I have visited the USA many times : I ' ve travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
Starting with the social skills , it is obvious that a football match is a dispute , a game we get involved in with the intention of winning .
Unlike chess or bridge , football makes you jump , run , kick .
In a club , you will find professional advice and also as many people as are necessary for a match .
To me , a dream vacation is like going to a beautiful island like Palau , where I could enjoy the sunshine and the sea .
When I was there , I would start my day by calling room service for a wonderful breakfast in bed .
As the day went on , I would also go swimming in the deep blue sea , go snorkeling or just lie on the beach .
Once I have enough money , I will make my dream vacations come true .
I would like to apply for the job which involves working in summer camps all over the USA .
This essay will discuss the implications of social media for everyday life , emphasizing the problems which have arisen from the use of Facebook and Twitter .
Social networking websites can be explained as a web utility that allows people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts with whom it is possible to share connections and look at and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
These kinds of websites allow people to interact with others directly via smartphones or computers .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not only for socialising but also for academic purposes , for example , to obtain benefits for their studies or to save time by discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA have used Facebook to share a video of a felony with the expectation of identifying the suspects , and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in response to the publication .
Additionally , a politician from Philadelphia , USA was elected after taking advantage of his Twitter account appropriately during his campaign .
My ex - husband taught me not to get involved with some kinds of people by analyzing his behavior before commitment .
I learned that a man does anything to conquer a woman . He even does a lot of hateful things for him , such as going to her home every night to be together or to hang out , while later you find out that he hates going to places except his house .
One day she figured out how to escape through a hidden passage , she got to the town and ran and jumped , she did every little thing she had n't been allowed to do for so long .
While she was having some fun , a handsome boy bumped into her and she fell to the ground .
The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she had never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answered him with a big smile " You are excused , my name is Sophie . " It truly was love at first sight .
Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that , with time , became more than just a friendship ; they fell in love with each other .
Princess Sophie sent him a lot of letters telling him the truth about herself , and about her curse .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
They meet by chance and start a tortuous relationship as friends .
I personally think that the film shows an interesting view of psychiatric illnesses and the importance of the family in this type of problem .
I strongly recommend you go and see the film .
This information could help the organizers of next year 's festival in choosing appropriate music and catering to a variety of tastes .
The boy soon becomes friends with the psychologist , and he starts noticing plenty of things about this exceptional boy .
The fact that everyone from the community can participate in our events helps us to develop a positive relationship between the college and the community .
Especially when it comes to going shopping .
The way Easter and , specifically , Good Friday are celebrated is gradually deprived of religious content .
People do n't want to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directly to the cheerful part of the Easter celebration , so , to Easter Sunday .
Suffering , as well as death , is pushed away from our real life - we do n't want to experience them , but would rather watch them on different kinds of TV shows .
It was a hot summer 's day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , to buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes from the cleaners . Everyone except Peter .
Although some schools offer the chance of doing these , many others do not .
To sum up , it is important to motivate young people to do physical exercise .
Back in the time , when I successfully passed third grade , my parents decided to let me pick the present that I wanted as a reward .
The very first thing that came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sit on my house 's doorstep and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was to join them instead of watching them enjoying themselves .
I tried a couple of sizes to see which one fitted best .
I could not have been more excited about joining my friends .
I knew that skating was the thing I wanted to do for the rest of my life , the thing I wanted to tell people about when they asked me what my favorite thing to do was .
I kept trying to find out more about skating .
I went to middle school ; I met two friends who also loved to skate ; Mohammed and Khalid .
When we met on the weekend , I noticed that they were different ; they had different skates , and different methods of skating , they slid on edges and skated on the park benches .
I realized that this is what I was looking for ; a new additional excitement to add to skating .
I had to wait for two months to buy a new pair of skates , but this time it was aggressive skates .
I introduced myself , and as I thought , they were visiting from a different city .
The more we got deep into conversation , the more I wanted to learn this type of skating .
They showed me what slalom skating was .
I knew at that moment that I wanted to change my style of skating .
A friend suggested giving ice skating a shot , and for me , everything is worth trying just to be able to skate again .
Today , After 10 years of skating , I wonder sometimes what my life would be without skating . I believe that skating is a huge part of me , Mohammed , and I am positive that if this part was missing , my path in life would have changed and I would never be the same person I am now .
Singapore could be the place where you will find everything you are looking for .
This place is a hub where east and west meet , it is one of the biggest and busiest ports in the world .
I ca n't bear even a second of our awkward silences .
I always had things to do .
Modern technologies and the development of mass media , have allowed advertising to become the greatest art of the 20th century .
Writing the play : first , you can ask learners to invent profiles and to tell you about their characters ; second , learners can write the basic outline of the play or you can adapt a familiar story .
Some learners will not want a speaking part . You could even ask them to be promoters .
Although people do enjoy the convenience and privacy of travelling in their own private vehicles , in my opinion , they might choose public transport if it fulfilled certain conditions .
My future career in teaching would be greatly enhanced by earning a degree at your university .
Furthermore , it is better for the planet to ride a bike instead of driving a car because cycling does n't produce any pollution .
How are things ? I got your message last week .
I was working with two people and we had to check two thousand tickets !
" Dear me ! How can you be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively , tapping his feet .
The boy began to cry .
After watching this , I returned to my house hoping the man would forgive the child .
This text leads us into the ( for me unknown ) world of horse racing .
If you like animals , you 'll enjoy seeing those beautiful horses running and jumping as fast as they can .
And of course , if you 're not an it - girl , you can spend a lot of money and choose the wrong dress to attend Ascot and perhaps you 'll have to watch the races from behind a curtain .
First , you should know that the technical term for this is " mobile banking " .
I hope I have helped you with this information .
One of the cabins broke down and the person who was inside it woke up .
Louis was convinced that this new project would be an incredible opportunity for him to try new things and study different fields , which he enjoyed . He loved to read about science , inventions , and keep up - to - date with the news .
That 's exactly what he began to do .
He sent an e - mail to the tour company explaining his situation and sudden interest in this project .
They said that it was alright if he was interested in other projects , but he still needed to give the same working performance .
The company told Louis that they wanted to invest in this project and help Louis .
He wanted to conquer as much territory down the sea level as he could .
He loved the idea of descending to the bottom of the sea where his ideas would n't be taken away or heard .
If not , the consumers of this product would end up buried .
Firstly , a car can carry only 5 people at a time .
The less we use cars , the less traffic we will see in the roads .
Secondly , having a car means different costs have to be afforded .
If a person constantly uses his / her car , he / she will need to pay for more petrol .
Equally importantly , a car requires maintenance and it will be another expense that the owner has to cover .
Finally , if every person drives his / her own car , pollution will considerably increase , affecting air conditions .
I had to stand because we were moving house and had just sold almost all of our furniture on OLX .
Taking a year off might help people who are uncertain about what to do next to make up their minds while trying new things and having new experiences that will be useful later in their lives .
It would certainly be counterproductive and a waste of time if the time is spent doing nothing and just passing the time as if it were a long vacation , but if it is used to have new experiences , a year off can change the future of a person .
It can be a great opportunity to travel , meet new cultures and people , or it can be a chance to work to save up money to be able to afford the cost of the university a person planned on attending .
Or maybe , during the year off , somebody could also decide that they do n't want to continue their studies , because they have already found what they want to do or be .
In my free time I like to meet with my friends , go skiing , listen to some music and watch films and series .
I 'm also very self - confident and independent , as I live alone , which has made me a very good cook .
At the beginning of this course , as a first year postgraduate student , I was ambitious to create a new mechanical product or at least part of it at the end of this course by applying knowledge and skills that are provided throughout the course .
Before taking part in this course , my concept of mechanical design was about applying either self knowledge or working as a part of a team to design mechanical products that are easy to manufacture , durable and financially reliable .
My thoughts about mechanical design matched somewhat with the information that was provided in the first three weeks .
By attending the first three lectures , I soon realized that my general concept of mechanical design is quite simple as my thoughts about mechanical design are purely just creating new products .
The first thing I noticed was the importance of clarifying all the requirements with the clients .
As soon as I met my group , I discovered how far behind I am in terms of using English to demonstrate the ideas and attract the attention of other group members .
Response : My educational qualifications are Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Master 's degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
From my point of view , many people use cars owing to the awful quality of some buses , trains …
This is because there is a huge level of water use in people 's daily lives , they just need to be collected to filter waste parts .
For example , the recycled water can be utilized to water plants in a garden , but if it is clear enough , residents only need to heat it to wash dishes or even drink it .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money in upgrading technology instead of other fields such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect inhabitants ' physical health and promote their standard of living .
Although over - shared water resources could lead to violence and even international tension , few countries have suffered these problems .
As you can imagine , there is some advice that you should follow if you want to take it up .
I 'm sure you will agree that it could be one of your best experiences if you pay attention to your instructor all the time .
Besides , camera work , props and special effects deserve to be called silver screen features , while stage acting requires actors to convey their play through body movements and energy .
In addition , using this identification may help parents , educators and clinicians to tackle the learning disorder .
Tom had joined a volunteering team at St. Michael 's Hospital and this was his first day .
He would deal with temporarily disabled people who came for a rehabilitation session every other day .
The ultimate aim was to get feedback for service - improvement purposes .
Tom had prepared a set of questions to ask .
He then introduced himself and made a clear statement about the objective of the focus group and assured them that their identity would not be revealed .
Here we have branded products and no - name products .
Now the question is , whether it is really justified that branded products are much more expensive than no - name products .
Most people associate branded products automatically with higher quality or better taste , while they think no - name products are just cheap and without any quality and poor taste .
In surveys , it was asked if consumers would rather buy branded products or no - name products .
After that , the consumers did a blind taste test .
As a result , we can say it is not always justified that branded products are more expensive than other comparable ones .
Only the brand and the good marketing make it that expensive , not better quality or better taste .
In some cases , it may be true that branded products are better than no - names . For example technology products , but products like Red Bull or others like that , are definitely not always better .
We had won three free plane tickets to Rome in a competition , and we had been looking forward to our trip for months .
The passport was ready in an hour , so we hurried to the gate and got on the plane .
You do n't have to worry about getting to my house , because it 's really simple , and I 'm helping you make it even more simple by picking you up at the train station in my town .
It may seem boring and time wasting to wait in queues , but it is n't .
Also , that makes them do their jobs efficiently .
I 've never had any experience of this kind before , but I have a brother three years younger than me and a little cousin who 's seven years old with whom I usually play a lot when I do n't have to study .
English has also been my favorite language since I was a child . I started studying it at the age of three with a really nice teacher named Helen and I have continued improving my English by watching American movies and TV shows during the past few years .
If I move again , I know it will take another year to get to know other people at least .
He closed the window so as not to hear the laughs and yells of his friends , playing soccer in the field in front of his house : " I never liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , but the more he tried , the harder it got to focus on his book .
He stood up , hesitating for a few seconds , then glanced at his book once again and finally went out of his room and said " Please Mom , tell him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "
I imagine its streets crowded with workers and peasants that have been called to support the revolution .
I would do my best to make their imprisonment less hard and , above all , I 'd try to convince the Parliament not to sentence them to the death penalty .
Thank you very much again for helping me get the tickets for the concert in London , but unfortunately I have bad news for you today .
I would let you have the ticket so at least you have the chance to enjoy that event even if it is n't with me .
In the same year , I passed the strenuous Brazilian bar exam with a remarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
I profoundly grasp the theoretical ascertainment for this career , which is that international trade requires rational economic decisions with legally binding consequences .
In conclusion , as an international legal professional , I must be prepared for alternative methods of dispute resolution regarding cross - border transactions , given the increasing requirement to look beyond domestic law to find appropriate solutions .
The LLM in International Business Regulation , Litigation and Arbitration at New York University is irrefutably the postgraduate program that I need to ensure the outcome desired .
Our species has achieved great things , but despite all the great discoveries , there is still one problem we have not been able to solve , a problem that has been haunting us since time immemorial : racism .
In the 19th century , slavery had been eradicated from America , but soon another problem grew up and took its place .
It makes me feel sad to realize that racism is still a problem from which society suffers . I wonder , why do we have the need to feel superior to other people ?
We are all equal in God 's eyes , and I believe we all have the same right to live a peaceful life based on mutual respect .
For example , it is claimed that it is more convenient to travel by car than by bus because you can take breaks whenever you want to and they are more spacious .
About the task that you asked me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't have enough knowledge of LIMS yet .
I understand that the new programme has some specific requisites related to preservation of analysed samples .
I will pass them on to them and we will discuss them .
Michael , however , made a living from his fights . At a young age , Michael was attacked and mugged in the street , so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be attacked again .
Although the main reason that prevents me from using them is my colleagues .
Maybe you understand this discrepancy between activating pupils and the pressure of the school board for the best test results .
She was walking around the city thinking about the job she just got .
But then something went wrong and she just walked away .
He could hear thunder shouting with rage , a rage he wished he could feel again .
These small things give me a lot .
My family knows most of my secrets , they know my worries and joys , they know what I think about things .
They fulfill all the functions that my friends have , and they fulfill them even better .
Fossil fuels are our most common energy source , even though they have a terrible effect on global warming on account of releasing gases into the atmosphere .
Just look at oil , nature takes millions of years to form it and we have almost used it up .
All things considered , I believe that renewable energy will be the most common energy in the future as it does n't cause global warming although it is expensive to generate .
With reference to his work experience , he worked for a multinational company for 5 years .
I am writing to apply for the position of PR manager at your company , as advertised on the website www.yarkiyshop.ru . My job would consist in helping your company to reinforce the brand as leader of industry and to promote it through advertising .
I have 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand named companies : " Barbie " , " The Children 's World " , " My Toys " . In these companies I was engaged in the advertising of toys .
Many people liked and bought my hand - made toys .
I saw the advertisement for your school in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm writing to find out more details .
Hans Feurer has been a mainstay of fashion photography since the late 1960s .
Weight lifting involves the basic and most natural human movements .
Every time I go to the gym , I feel like I have to break my limitations and replace them with the feeling of success .
The best advice I can give for a newbie is to not go to the gym at all without knowledge .
Look up on the Internet how to do the exercises properly .
Eating healthy foods is the other part of that sport .
Each weightlifter gets three attempts at each , and the combined total of the highest two successful lifts determines the overall result within a bodyweight category .
It is well known that this kind of facility helps students make the most of their time while learning English .
It would be advisable to change the catering service .
We would be grateful if any of these problems were solved by the committee .
However , if you are still very stressed , then you should drop one of them . I certainly do n't know which one you should drop . I think I would drop the music lessons , because sports are good for your physical and mental health , and also help you to keep fit and it 's more interesting for me ; but maybe a list with the pros and cons of sports and music lessons can help you .
Start by asking yourself which one you like the most ?
Environmental problems today are more worrisome , if we do not do something for our planet , in a few years we will suffer the consequences .
Enough talk , it is time to make a decision : do we want a better world , or , do we want to see it destroyed in a few years .
Simple things like recycling garbage , walking short distances instead of using cars , not throwing garbage on the streets or into the oceans , can mean a considerable change , because if we add the small efforts of each of us , the results will be translated into millions of people .
Just think about your future and your family , and when you see rubbish lying in the street , remember that you can become the superhero that will someday be satisfied because he did something to save the planet .
Computer - based learning would be a great idea to attract more foreign students because that will maximize their technological capabilities , so that more work will be implemented .
You can choose the time and the days you would like to go and she has fantastic offers if you do not want to spend a huge amount of money .
The metaphor the Bible uses to express this relationship is covenant .
It uses only fresh ingredients from Naples that are brought there every day .
You can sit there and wait for your pizza while watching the football match or take your pizza home .
We must keep doing our day - to - day tasks at work and at home , and , at the same time , maintain our social life and entertainment activities .
But this is faulty reasoning : it accepts the idea that a genius is always recognized on the basis that , in history , geniuses have always been recognized - which is not true , or at least , is not demonstrable .
First , classes with discussion between professor and student have an advantage for the students because they learn how to interact with their fellow students .
Consequently , he was able to tell us how the cost of treatment is less , how doctors are dedicated , and how everybody has access to primary health care .
As a result , we all know what needs to be done so that we can make little changes in the reform to reduce the cost of treatment .
As you can see , open discussion in class is really important since it broadens your horizon and helps you to understand different nation s ' policies .
Second , open discussion in class helps you to develop certain skills in order to become an independent thinker and speaker .
As a result , I overcame my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found it 's not as difficult as I expected .
This experience taught me that it is better to participate in a class with open discussion because it provides you with speaking and thinking abilities which are imperative for your career .
I love serving customers and dealing with different and complex situations .
It was late , and there was a lot of work to do , so he 'd better get up .
However , considering the complexity of society , I believe it is better to learn in schools rather than from parents .
For example , one of my senior high school classmates encountered a communication problem in his family .
As a consequence , they have never talked to each other since then .
Society as a whole is a place where both competition and cooperation take turns to continuously influence every member .
Learning in schools , however , provides a valuable opportunity for children to learn not only from teachers , but also from relationships between peers , and as a result , paves the way for being independent in the future .
In a nutshell , there is a great deal of knowledge that needs to be acquired by children in order to live in society .
I totally encourage you to try it at least once and I 'm sure you will want to repeat it !
So , that 's why I gave up the idea of doing it and decided to be a shaggy - girl .
Furthermore , it gives you the chance to enjoy works written in that language .
There is an incredible amount of things to learn .
Think of those Chinese women obliged to bind their feet .
We live in a time of accelerated changes .
Would Telecommunications Engineer ( 263311 ) be the right occupation for me ?
The European Union was created and is meant to be an organization that helps all of its members to develop economically and socially while contributing to the common good of the whole union itself .
At that time , the Order sent to the Vatican an urgent message and called the press to make an announcement of the discovery .
It 's pork which is seasoned with red wine and , then , well braised .
His first stop was the garage where he had to pay and pick up his friend Rob 's car .
The price was supposed to be 10 pounds , but it ended up being 25 pounds , so Tom had to pay money from his own pocket .
After taking the car out of the garage , he had to drive all the way to the airport and wait for Rob to arrive .
It was a quarter to two , so Tom lay back in his chair , took a deep breath and waited for his workmates to arrive .
According to UNESCO , literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieving sustainable development , peace and democracy .
The shot clock is a timer that dictates the amount of time during which one team can keep possession of the ball .
The idea behind it is to quicken the pace of the game and prevent it from becoming stalled .
Some people claim that the youth of today are less healthy than they were two decades ago .
For example , commercials can be used to encourage youngsters to take up exercise by showing the positive effects .
In conclusion , I feel that not only the reason for the low level of fitness of today 's youth , but also the clue to getting youngsters fitter , lies in modernity .
The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel has been invented but is used only by criminal organizations who send those they want killed into the past , where a professional killer , a looper , is waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
In the competitive world that we inhabit , mastering a technique and having a deep knowledge of a given field is essential for both academic and professional success .
Like any other unscientific " truth " that circulates and causes harm to our society , this one can only be eliminated through the reading of scientific and specialised publications on the topic , so that the effective ways of becoming talented at something can be adopted , before the popular beliefs take our motivation and self - belief away .
A narrative approach to exploring and investigating clinical reasoning development can provide a vocabulary that encourages us to integrate insights from different frameworks in ways that combine the strengths of each .
Many people have breakfast in a bar with an espresso or a cappuccino and a croissant .
I 'm sat next to Brain Cox and something inside me wilts because I know I am sitting next to a superior being and he will soon find out I 'm a two - celled worm .
I am next to someone who knows what happened to cause the big bang , he sees atoms and electrons and even knows what they are .
He does n't think about things that I , a mere mortal , do , like whether or not there is food on my teeth , and death .
I am also a Spanish Red Cross camp leader , as I enjoy all kinds of sports , such as swimming , sailing , kayaking , rock climbing , etc .
I also have a high level of spoken English because for 8 years I have been attending a summer camp in Scotland , where recently I was asked to carry on as an instructor .
I would be suitable for the job advertised because I am extrovert , easy - going , hardworking , thoughtful , and love children and doing outdoor activities such as camping , fishing and cooking . I also enjoy teaching children new skills and helping them to develop their self - confidence .
Furthermore , information about these facts has become much more available .
Furthermore , it 's easy to find out about these valuable discoveries .
My life has been on a boring plateau for a while now and I have been looking for a change as well as more personal growth .
But now , they have told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Israel for what they did during those hard times .
Their story has been written and people could finally discover what happened there between the years nineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - five .
Last month , a monument was erected in their memory so that nobody forgets what happened in that large forest where - as the people would say in that time - German soldiers could not guard the whole wood , unless they stood behind each spruce ....
I also think that there will be fewer people using public transport in the future , but some will still be available , because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a car or travel by plane .
After the assessment and evaluation we will be able to adapt the necessary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to which point the proposed aims have been achieved , and we will be able to judge the programme planning as a whole .
As to the teacher , we will find out whether the programme planning was adequate or not and if s / he was sufficiently involved in the learning - teaching process .
Society is continually changing , ever since we created the first civilizations .
You have a lot of hotels to stay at if you want to be there more than a day and the people are really nice . Or if you want , you can stay at my house , of course .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon !
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay . You will see some of the most popular places in this beautiful country .
This also gives the pupils the possibility of introducing their classmates to new knowledge - and the communicative situation is authentic .
For those who are looking for cheap but practical clothes , I would recommend you to go to one of the shopping malls of the capital .
And if you are trying to find a good product for a reasonable price , visit the city 's outlet centre - collections from the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
AIESEC has 64 years of experience in turning high - potential young people into globally - minded , responsible leaders .
Why do people become homeless ?
I believe we can reduce the number of homeless people in Japan by providing them with information and skills .
Homeless people tend to be unable to gather information because of lack of means to do it .
The skills include the ability to communicate with people and to overcome hardships .
Then , he got to know that there was a class that provides homeless people with skills for cleaning floors for free .
He got to know how pleasant it is to overcome hard situations .
But incinerating a huge part of the rainforest means the destruction of wildlife habitats .
Even though their relationship was of the quarrelling type , everyone around them , friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair were as solid as a rock , and despite the ups and downs , love had always won in the end .
And each time it happened , Cecilia burst into tears , and Michael had to rock his sobbing wife like a baby .
Nowadays , experience is more important than academic knowledge to get a job .
Success in a job depends on the amount of theoretical knowledge that a person acquired in an academic institution .
When employees face any problems or difficulties at work , they must refer to the theory that explains this phenomenon . Without knowing this theory , employees ca n't overcome these difficulties . For instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
Second of all , theoretical qualifications are crucial for employees , as they help people to think and solve all problems in a fair way .
A scientific approach is more important to deal with problems , beginning with identifying problems and then studying all factors and related information .
When traveling to city centers , choosing public transport is advised , because parking a car in the city is really expensive and it is very hard to find a space .
IN that way it will take a lot of your time , while the bus and tramway have their own bus lanes , and hence run smoothly .
When traveling to rural areas , it is quite difficult by public transport , because sometimes there are hardly any trains or buses for the far away places and the tiny villages .
Because not many people go to these places , the schedule will be very tight and the bus will only leave once every hour .
The system , which has been in practice since British rule , was modified under the ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Criminal Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
In fact , the informal justice system is directly proportional to the Jirga that originally has its roots in Baloch culture and has been transferred to Sindhi society progressively .
In recent years , many nations are developing their own economies rapidly , and it means that many areas of farmland and forests are being cut down to build better and bigger houses and a more convenient transportation system .
For example , Japan is the world 's third largest economy after the United States and China , its economy is so developed , but food , oil , and other resources are all imported , and it puts a lot of heavy industry into developing countries in order to protect its own environment .
Secondly , with the increasing of the earth 's population , the areas of farmland are also decreasing .
I think that it will have to develop science and technology such as Yuan Longping 's hybrid rice , or after the food can make people great and then vigorously develop the economy .
My babysitting duties were to put the children to bed , provide lunch or dinner , play with them and read to them .
Since I have worked twice as a group instructor at a local summer camp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12-year - old children from the experience I mentioned .
Next time I go on such a trip , I need to make sure that I have a fully - charged mobile with me .
I worked in a clothing shop in the past , so I have some sales experience as well .
My duties included checking guests in and out , planning and organizing group arrivals , assisting with cash advances , exchanging money , checking guest folios and giving commercial information to customers .
For these reasons , I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of job . I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and seeing things in a very simple and natural way .
I went into his bedroom , and there it was : the letter .
I suddenly knew what had happened , he had taken his own life , and my heart broke .
Since grandpa passed away I have started loving my grandma even more .
It calms me down and freaks me out at the same time .
Lately I ca n't get enough sleep because of that .
But I never thought that it could be that serious .
Allison was the girl who kept the group together : all of the girls liked her and she was always the centre of attention .
On the other hand , lack of privacy is a major disadvantage in a famous person 's life , as their personal life 's boundaries are constantly crossed by paparazzi and journalists .
In this way , I 'd have the chance to get to know different people from all over the world and , at the same time , I 'd earn some money to visit the city and the castles of England , where many historic battles were fought .
I read in an ad on the internet that young people are asked to entertain sick children and I 'd be really happy to make them smile !
Will you help me to write a striking CV ?
I 'm meeting two friends of mine in Bristol where we 're renting a little car and we 're going to travel without a destination !
Michel 's parents were out so it was the perfect excuse to have an amazing party in the living room , even though they forbade him meeting with friends .
When night fell and all the guests had arrived , Michael started to lose control of the situation .
Suddenly , a deafening noise coming from the dining room stopped the party , but nobody knew what had happened .
