There are a comercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kind of establishments : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , groceries , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
The quality of the products and services are quite good , because there are a huge competition , however I suggest you taking care about some fakes or cheats .
Next , I will have a chance appear in big parties or events and I can make friends with famous person - It 's interesting !
To be Journalist , I must study very hard so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream comes true .
I remember from my town Palermo in Italy to go to Milan was about 340 pounds , now if we are lucky we can arrive to New York .
In England where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .
They usually lack of language and can not open a debate .
In the other side , they might be wanted to safeguard national image .
I 'm keen on mountain biking since three years ago .
It 's important to avoid accidents , become comfortable and have a good journey .
Secondly , he or she would buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .
All of us spend a good time .
Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I 've seen .
The movie is about Lucy 's family that moves into a farmhouse , mysterious and
Those two times has been with the orchestra that I play .
But when I was there I began to make new friends that I never thougth I was going to have , and I never thoungth the way that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
In Acapulco I had a good time because I stay in the same room that my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
There we visit the central park and we stay in a very luxury hotel .
We were very happy there we really like Taxco .
Actually I was already been there before but not with my friends .
then we return to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
This sport are for real men .
That is what everyone say when we ask if they prefer public transport or car .
Sometimes the employers do strike and we clients do not known in time as a result we can not get on time to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but the public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantange are not so good actually .
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job due to that , the spectators were waiting with bated breath as the final of this film will be .
Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , which was performed by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you had spent a good time given than it achieves keeping in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o similar to carry at home this food or other things .
We can take a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to buy in each shop , we do n't spend more piece of plastic or paper .
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .
Also in the sort way , we should go walking to the destination.icle
I love sports but I did not get much opportunities to play a sport . I born in a village in India , my parents are farmers like most of other villagers .
The only play ground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rock and not good to play any sports .
When I was a child I help my father on his jobs after my school .
I was watching most of the matches .
Sachin and Ganguly was my favorite cricketers , I love their batting .
It was summer holidays and Michael 's family was in the airport waiting impatiently their flight to Mexico .
About 10 minutes later they started to get bored , they heard a girl calling they to enter the plane .
Michael used to have a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
When the big family get out of the plane , they realize that they were wearing too much clothes , it was boiling ! !
SOme minutes later they designate how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
When Michael get up in the morning , he realize that his kittie had disapeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
He thought that the dog had eaten the kittie during the night , so he shouted to Tom , open the door and went away .
So , my favourite sport in the present time it is street workout . I have been exercising this sport already long time .
I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside below zero .
Of course , in summer I like to exercise more than in winter but this do n't stop me .
If It is very coldly and windily outside , I do n't worry about it and I 'm exsercising at home .
For those people , who want to start to exercise the street workout I 'm advising to start with basic exerscises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
That everything basic exercises and they will help you will do a good start up .
After some time when you will be feeling that you are ready for more , you can start to study more difficult exercises .
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences runs in my head , but how to write it down correctly ?
How can I use to use it ?
But his mother hate his wife and always shout at her .
Unlike his wife respect and love his mother and never complain to her husband these bad situations .
Michael 's only fault that he is a mamma 's boy .
For he always defend his mother and always the wife is the responsible one .
His wife decided , because she loves him , to forgive and apologize for her mother - in - law .
Once he came , his mother asked him to up quickly acting that she was tired .
His wife walked behind him until they reach home but his mother claimed that his wife told her cruel words and acted that she was crying .
Edison said to created the first comercially practical incandescent light .
Edison began a serious research about the incandescent light bulb on October of 1878 , and his original design were in 1879 .
Edison and his research team did his discovery comercialy and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
Everyone eagerly waiting for the ambulance arrival but still not yet reached the reason is our college location is little far from the city that 's why it is getting late .
We were waiting patiently , finally the ambulance arrived and take him into the hospital immediately .
Lately I have seen a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to fulfil any difficult job .
On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't nave any posters .
I am living at São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , from Brazil .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado closer to Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area will be used to construct a new building of University .
We have done several movements , but sometimes is not worked .
Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environment ; for example , the Hall stopped with garbage 's selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .
It demonstrate the effort was done in the last 10 years it was over because the new political position of the major .
It is so stupid because the environment need to be over then political position .
Instead to use a selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have used the dumpfill that is prejudice the soil .
In conclusion , in my city , the concern of the environment 's protection do not working how it is necessary to protection of soil , environment and healthy .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
They damcare about environment because that does n't gave anything to them .
Most of the organizations known how is affect managemant acountant practice on them work , therefore they are chossing good programme and employee .
I have been in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
At first , I had called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight before two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing agent .
He had booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because in that moment he had n't got cash enough on him .
The worst thing was to find it out at the airport .
I really love to learn English lounge & French lounge spinach lounge .And I speak Arabic .
I just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .
Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
I am keen to run during the night time .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
Monsteration was a very lively monster he always migrates to the north every Monday .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all the architecture from the city , and a lot of bad things .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I thing that it have no cure , it was called " The Monsteration Infectations " .
The scientists are trying to make a cure for the Monsteration Infectations , but they still do n't have it .
In their laboratory , they have a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
They had to isolate the chemicals to the formula to have the cure .
The scientists that were doing the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activities for that reason I have taken some English courses many years ago .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
Currently I 'm working like teacher at the university and to teach in English have been my gol .
I 'm writing now without knowing dictionary and making this composition without traduction from Espanish ( I hope jajaja )
I 'm sure I 'll have many mistakes but I feel good because I must write and write and write I need to improve my English level . I must not fell bad if I want finally learn English very well .
I hope you can help me undesrtand more about how improve my English level and develop my skiils
I like workout on push up bars .
On the weekend I stay at home . I start reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing , I was laughing a lot because the things that the characters said .
The other things I do were sleeping , ate , and watch TV .
Her father and her mother died before they arrive to the hospital .
Mia survive but she is in a coma and she have to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
Later in the week I pass the day drawing .
I draw a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
I just sleep and watch movies at home .
The day before I start school , I do an investigation for literature class .
Serbia is my country where I live for 24 years .
If you like and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .
Now these days public would not like to travel in the public Transport to save their time as well as money .
Metro is good for even health of the people as no pollution and all because it runs on electricity and also it connect most of the city as Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
So , now there is a chance for you to pretend the god .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitate the faces and pose as gods " .
I think pay expensive tax on personal car can reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order solve the traffic problems .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy car with expensive tax , so people must use the public transportation , such as bus , subway .
From June to September of the 2013 I worked for a tourism company , my position had involved take after of groups of people going to England , this previous experience makes me suitable for this job announced .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and engaged .
I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .
By applying for the job offered I am willing to work in all different sorts of job , I do not matter which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable mind take a reference to their hobbies - reading .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
But the problem is Russian drivers are not getting used to keep this line free .
For example American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train , I mean come in exact time like a train .
That 's my dream"when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I achieved my dream .
I am in my way to improve my english , I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
to teach children and adults in my country good English and I will avoid traditional education .
the best thing that can encourage me to open this center that I have in my country 5 friends who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy for joining me in my center .
Alex , I and my friends will go to the cinema at the weekend .
Would do you please join us ?
We will see an action movie .
If you will join , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give stimolous for consumers .
One day in October , Michael a boy was studying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a box , he heard a door .
In this moment a big man went into the bedroom .
This man was his father , who had dead .
He spoke with his father and he asked him because he was there and his father responded that he had the biggest secret about his family .
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I want working in our cafe .
I work in a coffee last year in my country . I can work long time .
Many doctors recommended the practice of sport , because it is very healthy for our body and for mind .
Every day , there are many articles and news information that talking about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
In spite of you do n't lost weight , you can win endurance and flexibility .
When I am stay in water I feel free and very hastily .
You start and then you explain to me how are you ?
I got 1 sister , her name is Tina , she is annoying .
I like to be in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do nt like homework but I do nt forget it , I am good to tease my little sister and I am proud of it .
I also got an cat her name is chelsea .My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I see forward to friday when I am going to cinema with my friends , we 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
I am watching a few tv - series but I watch them over the internet so I am not trying to time the clock to see a episode .
I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talk English " when I talk English .
I mean when he wants something he just said give me that .
I like to talk English at school too but my friends do n't like when I talk it in school so I talk Swedish ther .
My fewrit lechon is the Swedish lections because that I like to write histories .
We have our knowledge easier and we learn more easier too .
The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
They help us to communication to the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things and we loss more time for many interesting others .
On another hand , we still have many other technologies to create many useful machines , on - side services to help our life is better and better day by day .
Transportation help us going abroad more quickly , even come to the space by a tour .
We feel more happy , comfortable and refresh after something like that .
You take the world on your hands with technology to help your life better and better actually but It is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
We are worried that if the trees do n't get planed soon they will never grow up again .
Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
Public transport have improved the regional development since the past decade , it 's convenient and necessary for a city life .
But when it comes to travel , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not like to go where everybody goes .
And , it 's really enough development in our planet , it would be better if we can leave some place blanked , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
But Sri Lanka cricket team could won the World cup 2014 .
You can start the cricket game .
But it is not famous and we could n't go to in the world .
In my opinion cricket is best for you . You can be a good cricketer .
People were singing and shouting - they all seem to be really happy .
But let 's talk about work there .
Well , I write to tell about my last summer .
The staff is really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were gentle all time .
I learnt lots of things such as dealing with money and tickets and watch movies freely .
We got work at four in the afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off that I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met hansome guys .
Firstly as everybody know the cost of the fuel is increasing more and more , adding to those the bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper go around by public transport .
I would say that this is because the public transport are not so efficient as the should do .
In my town for example , I have been Waiting for up to forty minutes before I could take a bus .
I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would live their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .
In conclusion I would really like that politicians who care about public transport will improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and move around much more easily .
I play basketball on weekends since I am little .
I can play basketball and baseball like no tomorrow .
I ca n't image the life without sports .
The most people are travelling by their car , because the public transport was not convenient for people to use .
The general transport constructions can divided three levels .
On the lands , the railroad and highway is the go through the most city roads .
In the sea , include the route and port construction .
In the sky , include airplane flights and airport construction .
The transport construction and economic development has a close relationship , and utilized of land are more important .
When integrate of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport constrcutions are convenient for people to use .
To sum up , although we do n't want that our life changed it is normal that it will have different changes .
The reason why I would advise someone this sport is that the children who are not interested in there studies or would not be able to study .
In that case chess would help him .It would make child mind sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .
The local transportation become difficult and expensive .
Public media also must educate people the importance of Local translation and how they preserve it .
The Government must save the gasoline and jazz to resolve the problem .
People also have an important role to solve this problem .
They should reserve the energy by using bus instead of using their own cars .
I have thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers , above all , and making no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever you choose , such as spinning , that is my favourite sport .
My piece of advice to take up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is interesting for your health .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythmn of the music lowder and lowder , this gives me high energy each time I went spinning .
If you want to start practising some sport , first of all think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you are having a good time go ahead and do the most of your time enjoying sport , nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
the more sport you practise the better you feel , indeed , your mood would not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
The advantage they get is the following : They dont't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
To conclure , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there are no doubts that the public transport system would be less convenient than travelling by car .
The process how to make the notes for the bank can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
First , the bank notes should be considerated how to design included background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then , they are supposed to prepare a skiled machinists .
The notes have special link with colour on both sides , which raised images slightly .
The most important step is inspect the notes which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separately and packed into cars in order to dispatach all over the city .
Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really fits ourselves .
It is a kind of thing that everybody can do and it effects all parts of my body .
The public transport offers a possible solution for the problem , because much people can transported in one vehicle .
Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
I believe that use your car has a lot of advantages or benefits , it is more comfartable and less expensive .
My favourite sport is doing yoga .
I read your letter , I would like to know some details about what places do you want to visit .
It 's better use public transport or private transport ?
Well , ecologists say that get around using transport public is more beneficial for the environment than using the car or motorbike .
But actually does it has a future ?
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable than have to run to take the bus , wait the train , etc .
But if you take the bus , you have to take down in a bus stop , maybe a bit far from where you want to go .
Also it has to say that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , use public transport wo n't be necessary .
transport are are important but car is more reliable for families they went together without waiting for transport .
The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .
it caused our river some big problems such as disease , unpleasant smell , flood , etc .
i myself , by seeing the river filled with garbage , always seems to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant look from the garbage .
And also , after the river , the road in the city is also contaminated by the garbage .
the condition of my country is really critical , I guess .
There are a lot of high - rise building and it provokes flood along the high - rise building 's section .
I wonder if the citizen in my country and town could make a better environment area by throwing garbage on its place and try using an eco - friendly transportation .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizen to be more responsible for what they did . and , I think it 's enough from me .
But they did n't do that much after knowing this truth .
I hope Indonesian government take an action about this situation because if it continues then Indonesia would be the most unclean country over the other countries .
She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she was fallen in love , had written a letter for her .
Then the friends could not left to pay attention in the Alison 's words .
She transcribed the letter with a lot of passion because it was evident that Juan was interested in Alison too .
While all girls was hearding to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
Alison always through : " If I would not have told this story to my friends I had passed all evening with Juan "
Like in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was in the school to learn and it became in my favourite activity when I was really tired .
I was with my sister and my friends and I spent a wonderful moment .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in the back so that going swimming is really beneficial for me .
Swimming is one of the best sport to practise it is due to require all parts of the body .
Cars and buses become dengerous and make Problem in the street .
Why have you fridge in every single home ?
Every day people thinking about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food , why ?
How many times are you going to shop for some snacks ?
I remembered that my childhood was very quite , happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Really , I told you that I was like a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portion : soup and meal deal .
So we can started from beginning : firstly , was breakfast which included some cereals with hot milk .
After I was in home on dinner time and some dessert .
Could you see how easy and regular life I have got .
Now , I am 28 year old woman who does n't has time for normally dinner because I 'm a very busy .
Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee but more than often just has time for half mug and runs to work .
What happened with my healthy life which I want to have when I was a child ?
Why everything look like more difficult and hard than were before ?
She went to the station train and get a ticket to London .
she stayed there and read again the note the address was near to the big ben .
When the train came she smiled and goes up and sit .
She turned her haid and saw him " he was fowling me " she thought"well , I should ask him what are he doing here "
" What are you doing here " ask Alison he looks her but with a bad smile , and turn his head
First of all , finishing high school is a passege of life that indicate the begnin of a new chapter for the students .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you won a bagage of knowledge , culture , discorves and , with all of this , you won personal experencie .
They can not enjoyed this chapter with oung and fresh thoughts .
Finally , to make a decision to not go in a university when you finish the high school , is n't the easiest action to make .
It is a great dedcision , that bring great consequences and great experencies .
Whatever are the choice , they will have the mark in their lifes forever .
Be careful and choice it well .
If in a city people are using more public transport than their own private vehicle then it will help to protect environment and traffic as well .
Future of public transport will be measure on the basis of advancement of the private vehicle .
Technology is being more advanced .
Many people said that at school all the students have to start a sport and frequent that one regularly .
AAs an example if a student need to recuperate a subject or have to take a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
In contrast do a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility but the most important thing is that we are always active e our body can get good results .
To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
I 've seen it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
products list ( I suppose it has been depleted ) .
would be available again .
In my opinion , they are not my friend . If your parents are your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
They will consider you as a indpendent people .
Accrodingly , You take responsibitity for what you done .
There are some reasons , they are not , are as follows .
Next , they do n't believe my capability is good .
They always look at me like a kid never grow up .
I prefer staying alone to living with them .
In my opinion to watch TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
There is one argument that shows , that the TV promotes us .
The main reason for this is , that the TV is teaching us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
A good example of this are the many informative news , which we are allowed to get .
This clearly shows that the TV is lecturing .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us while others do believe that it can also educate .
Was founded by talented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The Sport was becoming very famous since first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
I really enjoy watching and playing football since I was a kid .
There are several reasons of why people really enjoyed soccer so mush .
Nothing is permanent in this world , I 've knew these words from the mouth of my parents and until now it is in my heart that help me to deal with this kind of life .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar is going , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person have .
A complicated ways from before , advance technologies made it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect next .
The digital age has been a big problem for musical industry because the news technologies and internet had helped more the musical piracy .
The people already do not buy a CD , simply downloads it
It is a shame that a person is working during many moths for after the people want enjoying his work without having to pay , it is literally to steal .
It is like you design a chair and the people to take without paying .
Today , many people , groups or social movements are disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , the marriage or the age for married , the role of women in the family , the religions , the education and new ways of family and many values .
This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call to these people as " alternative " , but it is each day more common and it let a inclusive and diverse society .
The culture is changing in this way , maybe it can be wonderful for the human freedom .
At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
Now , we forget big dinner table that are fulled with family members .
But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
That was the best place I had ever been .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John decided take a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
They search for tickets flight , rental car , and hotel .
About one month before departure , they search over the internet the places that might get interested in their mind .
There are Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and the most exciting is to buy chocolates .
One day before going , Michael suddenly having a problem .
He needs to follow his family to the town .
Adam and John was very angry .
They said , they already planned and Michael happily ruined the vacation .
They need to think again about the budget and all of the stuff .
Michael can not stand anymore , he scolded his friends and saying something that anyone do not want to hear .
She try to have a slow talk with her son at his room .
She said , money can make everyone hurt if it is not settle down very well .
Michael try to think again wisely .
He accompany his mother at the end of his room 's door .
He called back his friends and manage to settle down all the mess up .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic after they arrived they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn they waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember one day he was advising me suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .
Everyone make mistakes , No one say I have not made any mistake in my life .
Or do you really regretted what have you done ?
There are a lot of private transport in the streets .
However travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not such convenient as getting a car , but you would never know what can happen with your car , where it will stuck or some of other accedient will happen .
Private transport give us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
We are getting nervous because we are responsible not only for our life but other people , too .
And also we have to understand that use public transport is cheaper than use a car .
Let 's take a bicycle travelling to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
Public transport is becoming no future because of travelling by car is more convenient .
Public transport are not suitable for luggage 's .
It is more fun when we travelling by car .
Visiting Big Budda in Lamma Island , watch the beautiful night view in the Peak .
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you can teach English for summer lesson .
I will get some information for you if you have interest it .
Write to me if you have fixed your itinerary and looking forward to see you in Hong Kong .
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will deliver us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car , yes , a car we have been using all our lives .
Let me explain my reasons , when you drive your car you can take it from your garage or in the main door of your house and it gets you whatever you want , but on the other hand if you take public transport it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you must pick the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time , otherwise is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have some coins to pay the bus driver ? here comes the problem .
You should look for a shop to exchange your money into coins .
Obviously you are late to work , even if you have an appointment to make an interview for a job .
They go to a new film about James Bond .
Alison is very happy because she did not see Tom for two months .
he must study in a different country and they not see each other for months .
Alison go to a bus stop and she waiting for a bus .
When she arrived at a shopping centre Tom is already waiting .
His father saves him of a fight but he died and Symba is sad .
He moves to another place because he did n't want to be on the same place where his father died .
But he knows Timon and Pumba and they get that Symba believe again that life is good .
Then , Symba save to Pumba of a lion and this lion is Nala who is an old friend of Symba .
That all I can say . I love football very much
yes we can say that for car is much convenient . but every person could not be afford car .
and the second one is that fashion or style of young people who do n't like more go somewhere using a car than bike .
that have limitation also there .
but it does not means that public transport is not having future .
if we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is most need service in big city as well as small villeges .
If you are dying of hunger you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at the restaurant # 57 , which on the the third floor of the Gum .
It 's a capital 's central park where you 'll wind lots of interesting affairs .
He is hobbies listen to music , play computer game , watch the football match and watch TV .
I remember two contrats moments : One day we had to create a team to make an exercise which used brain , they chose me .
Is a language that many people speak and known .
People speaking different but with a basic level understand English .
I think if the whole world has only one language would be better .
Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was facing with failures and kept telling myself that was n't a big shame because I had had tried my best .
sometimes I feel tired of walking especially in the sunny days with a high temperatures , but that ca n't let me stop doing this sport .
when I 'm walking , that can refresh me all the time and makes me feeling good .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had exerted in my university to have good job in my specialization like a lawyer .
But in Egypt no one takes his right you should pay a lot of money to have a job or knowing someone use his authority to appoint you .
So , I intended to get a job in another state like Dubai , I heard jobs there is very good and also the compensation . I have submit my CV in various jobs .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks in education but not have the ability to work in the real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
3 ) Meryy refused borrowing money .
5 ) I look forward to meet you .
Even if once a time , I want to focus on my work they will create one or the other issue to distract me .
We can change everything hurt us if we need if we have volition
The reasons for stress are more diverse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplems or because we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
Secondly there are not much variety of dessert mainly fruits and puddings .
There is not much variety of healthy drinks , there not much hot drinks as well .
It is considered that you change the type of food regularly .
Reduce the fast food that make people obese and not healthy .
It will be better if you gave drinks compared to the weather like whenever its winter we would like a hot drink and if it is summer we would like a chilled drink .
I 'm writing to you regarding of a letter I 've seen on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy in your cafe staff .
For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my incoming helping me paying my bills .
The first time in London , for 6 months , and most recently in Berlin , for 8 months .
I actually loved it quite a lot , I just loved all the suspense and the parts they leave you hanging , it 's just way too interesting , the movie is about the american government who annually gives 12 hours where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whoever you want .
The diagrams illustrates the process about producing bank notes .
After designing , metal plates are supposed to be prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , image is increased gently by a certain type of ink .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked whether they are of perfect quality or not .
In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are seperated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from going into the market .
That 's how bank notes are produced from paper to the one we can purchase goods in our daily life .
Firstly , there is plenty of people who ca nt buy a car and so the only option they have is to travel by these transports .
The ticket does nt cost to mutch and it is avaible for the majority of the people at least comparing to buying a car .
Secondly , public transports are more eficent to travel for long distance than cars and people would nt have to purchase combustible .
Consequesntly yo can be stole or get sick .
But , by obseving all these people you can rich yourself with different cultures and manners the other have and incorporate new topics .
Public sports are useful but sometimes inconvenient but more cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
I remember i woke up at 6 o'clock for took the train and went to Paris in France .
After 4 hours sat on an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and me went to the hotel .
No need to pay a full amount because they have many people who entered the bus .
Public transport helped us to know our country and improve ours body to move one place to another .
For example , we should walk to go in a place whereas a car can park in the place which we want to go .
All village they have a bus - stop where the bus stop to take or leave passengers .
And some bus drive at night to take passengers .
Without it many people will have many difficult to go somewhere or to return home .
However , they have some disadvantages with a public transport , they gave many traffic jam , this is because the bus a large and difficult to control .
The bus would not leave the passengers where they want to go , because they have to leave them in the bus - stop .
Day by day the country develop more and more , nowadays they have trains .
Many people travel by train because they arrive more faster than the bus and cheaper in a long run .
Public transport have help us in many different ways .
Do your family is happy that you come back ?
I am writing to tell you that I have known my aunt Lisa when I was in London last month .
way to move around .
For me , the most interesting one is sightseeing around the city and discover its monuments and landmarks .
However , there are also an endless of leisure activities such as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks
If it were not enough , you will be able to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bars .
In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will useful for us only , so they always take care about the rubbishes and try to clean the village .
Whenever they are going to outside always keeping the plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish thing they will not thrown to the road or outside .
D. Perhaps , bilingual school creation might be a good idea of Colombian education improvement , but it will be appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .
The whole picture conveys us the process of making bank notes .
It depends five main steps which include desigh , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and distraction or disposal depends on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
Above all , the design is the most previous way we should know , which is considered with the background color and artwork .
Eventually , the most essential part comes out , we need significate the quality of the sheets .
It cosumemed the power which contained the humanity and machinic .
To begin with is design , we are able to considerate backgroud colour , artwork , and security issues , and then , we are supposed to preparing mental plates , such as skilled and machinists .
The most important step is inspection that the printed sheets should manually inspected .
If partially damaged sheets exist , the bank notes should separated into good and bad .
But the time is changes and things are changing with it .
Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of holding it until they found a trash .
So , the ugly truth is my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards this .
In the right corner there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to been allowed to sell knives .
It is true that there are an increase on violence in the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns are a better world .
He only enjoyed staying at the hotel to watch television .
Once he did , he went walking outside the hotel for the first time .
Today for some reason he got this feeling that something interesting will happend .
Suddenly , he heard something , was it an animal ? , he thinked .
Max freeze he did not know what to do .
The lion was getting closer and when he reached Max he layed on the floor and looked at the boy .
Max spend the rest of the day thinking in that lion until he got into his room."what an mazing day ! "
I look forward to result released .
continue the study
unfourtunitly my previous study was in Arabic .
this matter prevent me from achieving my Goal .
As part of my plan to improve the English skils , I decieed to search on the internet for any free program which can help me for the improvement plan in the English writing .
I found your web site and this my first try .
For example , when a man or a woman has ended to smoke he / she throws the earth cigarette not in the right box .
In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'll receive a bill to pay .
I think it would be important that , not only in the family , but also in the school could be grow a new generaion sensible to ecological problems of the earth .
In this way we can have the possibility to change .
It 's great for me write about the sport and health .
I have to do jogging a few years ago .
I have often finished very tired because I never do sport .
Although I do jogging I also do other sport the swimming .
I usually go two days a veek but the henxt month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to be a local competition .
On the one hand This sport is good for my health I stay fit .
At this moment he had woke up .
He noticed that he is trembling " it was just a dream " - he thought .
His uncle 's birthday hounding him because he does n't know what he should buy for him .
He already had enquired about this all the family , nobody hasn't idea which would be good enough .
Then he found that he just will go to the fishing shop and request for help shop assistant .
He had bought the best of all presents .
Off the top of his head he had asked his nephew to go to the fishing together .
Jerry said that he would be privileged .
It emerged that that young boy have a good head for fishing and now they are always go to the fisihng together .
I practise a lot of sports , and now I 'm going to tell all over them .
What I like to run is to go the mountain and enjoy the landscape .
I like football because it is a sport that I practiced from small and I think that is the team sport more fun and exciting .
I like to climb but it is a sport that I just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .
Nowadays our local governmet is making some desisions for improving the situation .
this days the transportation become so crawdad .we have a lot of cars in the streets .
there are a lot of accidents because many people driving so fast .
we should put many cameras in the street to know how is caused of this accidents .
if every body know that there are a punishment for what they do and no body can escape from what he did I guess we will have a few of transportations accident .
The bank notes is designed considerately , workers need to design it backgrounds coler and artwork .
Then , the notes will be prepared with metal plates .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and it will images sightly raised .
The people is very kind and funny , and is a very cheap city .
Since I was seven years old that I am on my city 's basketball team , and I have no doubt that playing basketball is one of the things that I enjoy the most in my life .
I order 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 but until now I do n't have my order in my hand .
If until 17 March my order not come yet I will cancel my order and I want 100% refund for my money .
Thanks for all and I want my money back if I not yet get my cpu .
Nowadays , people are getting more independent , and more than this problem , society now needs to show the other this independence and control of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials .
On the other hand , public transport are the only resource some people have to move on , and more than excellent to the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spend money on petrol , once it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transports be forgot , once more than providing the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .
I think you must go to a large school in the town because here you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can do in the countryside .
But you must go to the school that you want , this is just my advice ok ?
I really want that you be happy with your new life .
It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worst , depend on you choose the best thing that it can help you .
Studying in libraries asks a lot of quiet and patience .
If I were a student that usually studies in a library I would definitely try to study on a computer .
people is thinking about comfortable life instead of environment and cost saving .
Therefore , the animals do not survive with this climate .
Watching to our national teams games , I got the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
Through you listen the music you can expressed your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
That make their happy and additionally make loud .
We were playing everyday football in the school and I was the best .
I was even better than the older children everyone was telling me too go to a team .
but i dident had too do anything , a team took when i was 11 years old .
I played my first match at 16 years old and i felled very special because i was 16 and i was capable of putting 3 goals .
The good news is the average of people who can take advantage of the technology can economise a lot of time because they might have a sophisticate robot can help at home .
For example , now the high - heeld shoes is very trendy but it costs a lot and the most woman does n't look good in it .
They mostly depend on animal to make cart to ride on them .
The developed version of all those engines are use in the running vehicles of land , water and air which make our life more faster .
So , it would better to go for any other alternative of green technology for future purpose to make this world a better place .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day .In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training with a coach of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parents to a hotel to eat and stay with some friends , after the food meet with friend 's of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it was delicious .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid and that match won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
when I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and tourist attraction of the British monarchy
continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for perservation thereof park
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the big ben that is the most beautiful bullding in all its splendour when I will take pictures
when I 'll leave of the underground in the station wembley park I going to the wembley stadium where I will enjoy an evening of football , the match started at 8:00pm
My favorite band is " cbjr " , its a brazillian band , the type of music is rock and rap , yours music are very easy to single .
Education has a crucial part in one society and it 's future and by improving the level of educations system , students can learn more effectively in their entire education life and their career but also their skills will be improved by this process .
Nowadays , unfortunately , students can not take enough education from their schools whereas in some poor countries .
On the other hand , by building more effective learning system which will provided by local authority , students will encouraged them learn more efficient .
Besides , by putting these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards career and their job .
Hopefully , they will reach not only earn more money in their entire life but also society will have more development shape in any other developed counties .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned point such as , quality of educations system not only interests with mix - education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that mentioned .
For that , is a pleasure speak about them !
I am starting to introduce my favorite family members .
She has an important person to me since my 8 years .
Since this time , we stayed very linked until now .
When I became , first teenager and after an adult , I knew the majority of my friends , a good friends .
We keep a regular contact , we go out to dinner or take a coffee many times .
It 's been so long since we last talk ... and I have some great news !
Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm going to the UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you some time !
It 'll be the second time I 'll visit the UK , and I would n't like to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future .Public transport causes many problems in our environment such as , difficult reaching to the nearest destination , the pollution , and causing diseases .
Many people who go to their work late .
my favourite sport is volleyball.i play it since 2006.my best position is number 2.i used to play it in faculty of engineering selection.it makes me fit and long .
when i enter the egyptian armed forces , i played for the air defense forces team .
we won the 1st position , and got the cup of competition.if anyone attends to play this game , he should practice hard to be able to play it proffesionaly .
Further to the trade fair of the last week where we were a pleasure to meet you and we were talking about you courses .
Could I have contact with any of your customer for more information ?
I am looking forward confirmation .
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father teaches me what was football , and I loved it but , I really liked the goalkeepers , why I like football since childhood .
I think football shows you a lot of feelings and experiences .
I enjoy football because it is a form to forget problems and enjoy a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking other stuff , you only are concentrate at the game .
And if you do n't like do sport you can watch the matches of the teams around the world .
Not only children have one , grandparents have either .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like : call someone , text , take pics , listen to music , watch movies , play games , wake you up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access the social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unthinkable things we can do .
But now , children want to have one as soon as possible , they do n't play hide and seek and play sports like before .
And people are getting isolated , once I saw a mother using your mobile instead of taking care of her baby !
In the future , it will probably we can almost everything using mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affects our life .
overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation predominantly from Housing then followed by food / clothes .
There were a significant rise in the number of budget allocation from both categories ( Housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
Actually , the public transport show really no future .
There are two good reasons for doing not use public transport in the future .
Consequently , people prefer move in your own car .
On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that can change the actual situation .
The first is , The government can create a new plan os construction of trains .
The second aspect is , people can help to pay more tax to buy new buses .
As a result , we can have a public transport more comfortable .
In my opinion , the public transport can have future if all we collaborate us to improve .
There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of study foreign language in earlier age outweigh the drawbacks .
Some people would suggest that learning new language before second school discourage their usual learning and that would struggle their understanding of other subjects .
The reasons for this as follows .
Learn how to walk before learn how to run , the opponents contend the children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
Confronting with challenges , primary students are struggled on the difference between first language and the learning one .
Thus , people view that children learn foreign language at primary school are worse than later .
Not only less study burden when compare by secondary school , but they are able communicating with foreigners as well as extend their societal network during that period and the later life .
Rather than concern about the challenges , children would confront with , it is particularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elementary school .
it is a story of a boy , who always find out the way to tease her sister sukh .
one day he got fight with her sister , even he made her cry.both of them stop talking to each other and after some day the boy need laptop of her sister sukh .
sukh was so angry with him because he heart her a lot , sukh refuse to give her laptop and her brother start again fighting with her and even he slapped her sister .
sukh start crying and she said she is not going to give you my laptop until you do n't feel sorry .
her brother pick her laptop and threw it and broke her laptop , then boy closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
What is more , they do not the same things as their parents did .
The door of the room is closed .
He pushed the door and come in .
Then she started talking : " Welcome pretty boy , I am waiting for you , please sit down " .
As you well know , rose 's life is your hands " she said and keep talking:" ... You are the only one , that can save her life , but before you must comply with your promise"."I Know it " he replied with a sad tone .
Then she took the document and stared reading in aloud voice : " With this agreement your soul is mine " .
Micheal did not know what think .
He loved rose with his entire soul , a soul that is losting .
Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes where we could not reach ,
We made friends with this fairy after one entire day walking with her feel like you we knew each other a lifetime .
After the first week in France found that in Paris there is a large crowd .
The exam had made that I do n't practise much sport .
Do you practise sport this year ?
Today I will speak with me manager . I will intent drive less and I go to places for mysheft .
We meet soon man .
It is near to the Hyde Park .
In the London Eye we can look all over London .
Then we go to the Big Ben .
Then we go to a red bus and drove to our hotel .
Reading opens new horizons , made you imagine .
people who litter on the streets its one of the biggest problems .
So this helps that the children could play in a much cleaner park .
Studying overseas is not only changing condition , but also facing many sorts of unknown pressure .
Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to be noticed and adapt .
It is hard to live overseas alone , Therefore , making friends from the same country can assist one another .
To get along with international friends is a great way to expand horizon .
I also like to play video games I play with my friends , my favourite games is FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some other .
I do n't know which is the best plays I have been in but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most is an island next to gotland and I have been there since I was 0 years .
We always goes to the beach which is very nice and when it 's sunny and warm is better than the Mediterranean .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of but when I do a nice goal i gets proud because it 's feel good especially when it 's an important goal that maybe change the game .
It often hard to go up in the morning , I always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .
That I have been dancing for two years but I stopped because I did n't had time .
I do n't have a favourite movie , I like many but the movies I like the most is funny and action .
It seems that there is not many places in city center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or books about the history of Katowice .
Fortunately , visitors would find all of that in the Tourist Information Ofiice and in shops on the outskirts .
The one , which is really worthy to see is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
My advice to anyone who will start this sport is to start it early and play it regularly not to loose fitness .
Also joining a team will be a great idea .
Humans can easily damage the environment just throw their waste without recycling or ruin the places where animals are living .
Without forest ca n't be animals and the human being can disappear .
Some people do n't even care and just the do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell to do furniture .
They even are not plant other trees .
I notice that in supermarkets are using so much plastic just to cover a small thing or are using many plastic bags without even think how vulnerable is for the environment .
I used to live for a short time in a place where word recycle was completely ignored but they used to this because that was n't so rich .
Where I live now I noticed that have the opportunity to recycling the waste because it is a posh area .
Afterward , we went to do study at different schools , so , we were separated fro ten years .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer and always help me with all my professional problemns .
every evening he takes the bike and rides across some paths for more than forty kilometers by day , so he is very good rider and its quite strong to ride with him .
She always work hard for our family .
They like take pattern modeled on older people , who are popular on the Internet .
They like exchange their opinions about new star .
People who are fan clubs interested in touring their idols .
In this age people like being better than their friends and they like distinguish oneself .
the waiter come to us and took the order .
l love that day spent with my family ..
l wish l have come at weekends with my family and friends .
I am living in the center of Spain , in a small city .
When I was child , my city was dirty because people were throwing their rubbish on the floor .
However , a few years ago the government has paid more attention to the environment to our country ; for example they made a lot of advertisement on televion , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that the rubbish is not good for our world .
Nowadays , we can see in all street a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people are cleaning the city .
In the future , we must do an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or if it is possible a better world than before to our sons .
Cars are much convenient but this not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .
Many countries like to travel by bikes in order to decrease the pollution which happened by car exhausted.to my point of view i prefer travelling by cars which is more comfortable .
public transportation is the mean reason to delivery people everywhere in a small time . in the past the had to use camels to travel which waste lot of time and tiredness .
we may be late to office / working place .
Everybody thinking like the public transport is not comfort for us , but environmentally the public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and our energy sources also decrease .
It to belong to the oldest and the biggest museums in eastern Poland .
This restaurant has a good atmosphere because it is always people laughing and talking about funny things .
In my opinion , public transport will become more and more important in the future . Travelling by car maybe is convenient , but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .
If in a city there were only cars , the city would n't afford enough parking lots and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get their destinations .
On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses which let out CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to the serious air pollution .
So , what we need is to devote much more money and time to improve the public transport .
I start this sport when I was 11 years old , my dad let me go to box and I start that sport .
I think is better the idea that the people to use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles
Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to lower the congestion and air pollution by encourage people to use less private cars and turn to use more public transportation and other forms for transportation
It was a cold day at night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on my telly called " dare to win " , I was with my brother , when we decided to call , The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answer in correct time , and there is a different things for the winner .
A few minutes later we were listening ourselves in the programme , we were so nervous but it was exciting for us , our goal in the programme was get a free ticket for the most popular electronic party in the world .
Despite our nervous we did it well ! and our dream come true , yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
As the secretary of the English Language club I am writing you this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students , and the college if we would receive funding from you .
I had recently finished my course of english in Cambridge , also I have a fresh and improve English .
In order to help organising on sports and evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .
However from now one we can buying what we really need , on the other hand this shopping may help a lot of people get back working again .
A few weeks ago I went into apple 's store , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it has reliable tools which allows me doing my daily working .
It is true that travel to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , and the ease of have your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time paying cabs .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
The way of life of people has began more and more stressful .
When somedoby to get at home he wants only relax in front of Television .
Besides this , Tvs companies have understood sports provides this relaxess moment , mainly for men .
In this view , I consider , though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they are not too much , because the people have looke for it .
The album with eleven tracks that reach top one , won a gold and silver certifications for the best - selling in diverse countries as the USA , Canada and the UK .
This American band is known for their lyrics that hold something different from other the bands something close to a emocional statement .
I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound because it catch you , almost like a great poetry .
Furthermore the things and process is in evolution .
Life of people is turning easiest and comfortable .
On industries , the big machines is making new products for our welfare .
Although , the advancement of technology , besides than bring advantages for everyone , it 's also will cause disadvantages , such as unemployment because machines will make the same or work better than humans .
I am accustomed to work with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love them and which I spent a lot of hours take care of them .
For an example I learned about the organization , how control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
I hope you get interested In my application .
Nowadays , cost to buy a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .
We could stop in everywhere we want to stop .
We could visit every places with no limitation time .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why are you enjoy it ? " I would tell that my favorite sport is soccer and it could let me know how important the team work is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from the high place , to push me running and kicking the ball .
I had to say that feeling was really awesome .
It made me feel like that happiness is running through out my body .
I will suggest people who want to starting this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can fight with other to get the score .
My techer said that public transport has not future in our society , because travelling by car si so much more adecuate , never the less I am disagree with her opinion because if we use public tranposrt we will pollute less .
Nowdays people are using cars alot .
In the past , it was n't like that , people had not had cars , they were only rely on puplic transport .
There are a few people are using puplic transport , like students and someone had low income.in my veiw , i can say might be the puplictransport going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
they are looking for new experiences .
on the world recorded a lot of cases where the ufo was seen .
universe is colossaling and still we are knowing little about it .
I am person that like going to do exercise , for this reason I like practise some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport all around the world is the soccer .
I believe that play soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that the people can like always has to exist some rules .
I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo it is my blood , my soul.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as many people say but what you have to know is what in the brain and the heart of players .
I just get the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell to anyone he just starting this sport use your abilities and skills for the right things .
One day , my old brother went to park where we often go to play tennis , he saw a boy who held a red hat cried on the branch , not knowing what to do , he stranded behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but he still wanted help the little boy .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes , the little boy was cried loudly , my brother was outrege , ran to the rube boy and attached him .
Evening , the little boy 's mother took him home , he told his mother that what happens today , his mother smiled to my brother , and took the little boy gone , my brother smiled and went home .
They told her that her brother had a car accident first of all she shocked
They told her that she has to bring $ 100,000 so they can do the surgery to her brother
She came from a poor family and she lives with her children .
in a car accident , when she her what happened with her brother she was so nervous then the miracle happened she found a big suitcase in the train she decided to open the bag because no one was in the train so she opened the bag she surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " this means the Ball Game , there is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrificed pretty young girls to their goods .
The past already happened , we can not change it .
If you ask someone about the future , answers will be different but all will be around two main topics , Those last are either optimist future or pessimist one .
No because I am pessimist but due to several factors and condition allow me to divulgue my opinion .
Human are looking for a power and they are applying forest law , The stongest beat the weakest .
There are a categorisation of countries , there are developed countries , emerged one and on the way of development countries .
whare the critria of this ranking ? and ...
Hence , The above indicates details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in negative side .
In addition , A general vision on the human innovation show that the majority of people creations have bad effect , this effect exist even in people 's lives or themselves .
And unfortunately this bad impact exist almost in all lives filed .
Chemical drugs can help peolple to heal and improve from diseases but have another hidden effect .
Therefore , The afformentioned information above show that our future can be worse than our present .
To summarize , People 's life knows a fast change and development , but generally this evolution affecting people .
It is specialized in barbecue , beers and wines .
Some people prefer this " gap year " theory while others seem to prefer disagree .
I agree with you about the future for public transport .
Every day , the combustible that we get to our cars is more expensive than use the public transport .
Nowadays , people use their cars to move for work , for holidays ...... but if the petroleo were cheaper , they could travelled very much .
It could be a good idea if the taxes were cheaper than the taxes of other things such a tobacco , alcohol ....
I want to give you a few words .
Although it is not human , they also have feelings .
You raise it once , it would regard you as the owner .
To keep the cat is not a simple matter which need to real love and good care .
So you decided to keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .
At any time to pay attention to the cat has not been sick .
Design is the first stage , which contains three parts : background , artwork and security issues .
After preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bank .There are three requirements fot it : colour on both sides , special ink and images slighty raised .
The most important step is Inspection : printed sheets manually inspected .
Because , I really love to work with people all of ages , and I would like to appreciate have this post and I 'm energetic and hardworking person .
Therefore , to look after children aged 8 - 12 years old is n't easy task , but as a father or parent you must always given them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
Working in the kitchens means to do all about i.e cleaning and washing the floors .
My name is Anna , I am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality so I enjoy planning activities or organise sport events in a special and colorful way .
I really love childrens and take care of them , I also had an experience of working in summer camps and have a good experience doing delicious food because I already did this stuff in other camps .
I think that I gave good reasons and I hope that you will accept me .
Motorola It was the first doing something to a mobile phone was on 3 April 1973 the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper
It stared with that a woke up around seven a clock and i was n't tired at all .
They usaly do n't wan to be with me bit today we played all day long .
Technical support can be provide through emails , telephone calls , or video conferencing .
In my opinion , in future people do n't be used public transport .
These cars will be used alternative energy , for example energy of the Sun .
The modern science try to find new , more economic sources by energy .
friend is people who will be there in your hard time and happy time , and friend is always encourage you all things you choose in your life .
friend is also be there when you sad and worse time . there is not ex'friend so respect your friend and they will more respect to you .
Secondly , the student have a good body shape can easily to make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain good body shape .
For instances , the students joining the sports team needs to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .
According , the boy or girl have strong muscles can let them look more attractive .
Therefore , the student joining a sport team can maintain good body shape and it will let student become easier to make new friends .
It is said that when you survive to a situation which has made you be at the limit , you change .
And you can never return to be the one you used to be .
You are no more the person that people have expected .
Every hard situation may be got over easily when you make a big effort .
Peter has been thinking about this secret party for months since the time he knew his mother was healed .
He was taking care of her so that he was prevented from going to university .
However , the destiny has given him another chance to follow them .
She felt blessed as she was given such a perfect son .
Peter has been kissed by her mum before , but this time was quite different .
This may be due to people are not aware about consequences of this bad habit- spreading the rubbish .
In the same line , dwellers of my village are doing lots of work to make their area clean and hygiene .
For example , they collect plastic waste in yellow dustbin while , liquid and solid , degradable waste in red container .
Television is an object that help people to know the news in real time .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause an dipendence , cartoons and " stupid " program can damage mostly young people .
Today there are many children that have the dipendence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various child tv programs , while once our parents preferred hang out with your friends .
Television can be a useful strument if it is used with caution , accordingly I recommend use less it for prevent damage to the mental level .
I reduce use of innecesary power at home , in other words , I turn on light that I need for the while i use it;I take less warm shower ; I hit only neccesary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all thing reusable , for example , plastic bottle as a plant pot ; glass bottle as a food container;I bring my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a shopping plastic if a salemen offer me to bring .
Today , we have more item to recycle as long as we clean properly and put in a proper bin , which will be use it by specialized factory in another item .
As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .
Although now that the holidays are coming you need people to help and ride the amusement park or the lights of the fair .
But if you want to decide , I 'll intend to help you .
You can devote more time to do both .
I hope this help you and you will take the best decision .
every time the car is more utilized and more economic .
in my opinion the car more advantageous than car and the car is more useful
Secondly it 's not comfortable.becouse you every day drives instead of relaxing and enjoy the enviroment
In the future , cars would be so cheap than everyone will have one , thus , it will take up the end of the public transport .
Printing is the next step , .Usually , sheets of bank notes printed , because there are some special require for the printing , solour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
The inspection always have three results , the good quality sheets , the bad sheet or the partially damaged sheets .
If the print sheets has good quality , they will packing and distribution.some partially damaged will cut into separate or packede or dispatched .The bad sheets will disposal , the destroyed will be secure .
I goes swimming since 1998 , when I had ten years old .
Actually I not practice because I am not time , But a feel miss !
I every feel very well after come back the gym .
My cough is very friendly and help me
It is also make convenient for people who are rushing time to work , meeting and so on .
However , I have no agree with this statement because the public transport is needed for someone who are no have vehicle or economic downturn .
The person that do not have to save large amount of money to buy the car .
The fare of public transport is less than own vehicle when compared fare of bus to fulfill whole tank of oil .
Some more they are needed to pay a parking fee for parking .
Because of everybody has to leave for another place through their own car and carbon dioxide released from the car .
Lastly , public transport that are always blamed by the people that are slowly and trouble than own vehicle .
Although the public transport is slow but it also do not take a long time of people to reach their destination because public transport nowadays are developed more fast and enough .
Nowadays , the space for countries enlarges , instead of which , the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
The large - scale building projects took the space which should belong to the animals .
Some kinds of animals would move to the urban area , steal the food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
However , most of them might be arrested .only a little number of them might be adopted by those friendly human .
On the other hand , the expansion of city increase pollution of all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and watching the blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .
Although the medical skills get stronger , the percentage of people who get cancer is still improving .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay more attention to the environment protection , such as build more trees and grass in the cities , and set a special low for those missed animals will help decrease the harm that the building project brings to us .
For me , my family members are not my best friends although I wish they are .
If they are your best fiends they will guide you and help you to be to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their back on you .
My name is Jenny Wang and I would be the right person for the job .
About me , I was born in 1989 and I live in Los Angeles since 2000 .
I came from a large family and I have two younger sisters with age of 10 and 12 .
Regarding the work conditions , thank you for providing meals and accommodation and I willing to take the costs of the flight .
Finally , I am the right person for the job and I will do my best if I could have to chance to work for summer camp 2014 .
Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to having a positive news from you .
From first time I said about that to you I had a problem with my health but you answered : it not matter .
I talk about everything .
If you feel like to eat something , there is a lot of well - known restaurants , and have different country meals .
my father name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving and caring.they gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of these things.he provides all the facilities to us of internet and books so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is very hard working and brave.he has the smiley face.he always tries to laugh other people with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .
Listen , do I tell you about getting to my apartment .
But you came flying early morning the most convenient and fast transport is taxi that does n't cost expensive to my house .
I 'd better stop now and make ready for your visit .
Thank you very much to write me this letter .
You can only arrive at ' A Fervenza ' walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by other ways .
Stop it . I am single for a while .
I say to people that want tay this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .
This sport can help your health and everyone can learn to do volleyball .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you can have health problem , for example you can have problems at hands , at the neek and at legs .
I 'm only child and I 'm studying Marketing in the morning and working in the evening in a mall .
Hello my name is Sophie Nielsen I was born 2002 in Sweden and I am still living here .
I got one sister that named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
The accomplishment I am the most proudest of was when I did four goals in a soccer game .
The best places I had visit is my house in Spain .
I like to eliminate that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .
Three words that I can describe myself with is :
they were spending the weekend in the countryside , he had rented a woodhouse but he had n't confirm the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived giving them without communication by pone or by car .
she thought he was so bored , but she did n't want to be alone.she did n't know how to live on ther own and Emily was utterly frightened to be alone .
The purpose of this report is that people would become more aware of the significance of taking care of the environment in order to erradicate this issue which is having serious consequence nowadays .
By one hand , if we avoid being the pollution in ours cities , we could have a lifestyle more healthier than in the past .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish in each green points of the city and also they have to maintain their neighbourhood as clear as are possible .
The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in our minds that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will maintain the world on our hands .
Think that can do a fantastic job .
To combat the distriction of enviornment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
There are denying that the environment are changed by behavior of people and animals .
For instance , people need to many places to build the modern society , so they fall down lots of trees , burnning many glasses .
Another factor that the animals are not control themmselves to eat the plaints lend to distriction of ecosystem .
Nowadays , the transportation become more prefect , and the people'life become more convenient .
Althought this change lend the life of people efficient , the problem should not be ignored .
It would really be helpful if the government make tighter resrictions , in today 's world , lots of constrication companies and factories are not admission , they are destroyed the forest , farmland and wetland , charging waster water and emitting greenhouse gas , it lead to a serious enviorment problem .
So the government should oversee this companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , it will be fined and closed .
Abortion is an immoral act that people make as everyone has a chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide for anyone life .
Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral action as these fetus are being deprive of their right since they have already a life .
People had to be sensitize about abortion in order to decrease the number of women being abort .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women had been death with this .
Children has to be protected before and after life , it is why abortion has to be stop
4- Transport more economical from independent cars .
The last sales of the last year was $ 850 .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teaes me , and to be alert as well .Also , it helps to look always slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well .People who want to start playing karate have to be patient .
I started to play football when I had four years .
He arrives to Real Madrid 5 year ago and he is the best player of the team .
I 'm very pleased to your invite .
I look forward to hear from you .
sports is very much beneficial for our health .
i would like to play football because it 's too much exciting game . in proportion to length it takes only 90 minutes . whenever i got the opportunity i played football .
Driving car while listening to music is much more fun for most of people so maybe that 's why mostly love to drive than taking public transport .
In contrary some guys hate getting caught in traffic jam so prefer public transport;some other reasons may be rising gas price , car crashes or hating driving !
As a result I thought both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to take each in the right situation .
First , there are many kinds of types which train has .
Recently although there are many LCC careers we can choice , it is still expensive to travel by plane .
Do you prefer to watch films at home or go to the cinema ?
I prefer to watch films at the cinema because there are n't any distractions or noises and the quality of films are better .
There are several efforts that we can contribute in order to save the environment .
We start little by little to help it .
Non - biodegradable plastics could actually piles up the landfill and cause the land use in our earth to be occupied .
Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystem in such a way that the seabird or fish are fed on plastic .
That 's the descent way in reducing the adverse environmental impact and we are able to protect our Earth
Since GM crops technology started to be implemented it have implied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
This technique makes the weed control easier resulting in cost savings and yield gains , so that increase global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
he said kindly:"I buy you a present , open it , Tom "
Tom opened the big bag , Oh!This is a big surprise , there was a football in it , which he always wanted to buy
there were some words goal!keep doing ! keep looking!said her mom , Look !
Tom love it , " thanks mom , thanks dad!"Today is the best day of my life , thank you ! "
" You deserve them , Tom ! you work hard all the time this year "
My name is Anna , i one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
I loves Ton Duc Thang university so much .
I likes the friendly students and helpful teachers .
I enjoys reading book , cooking , playing with dog and singing .
Moreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm often listen to pop music , R and B , and little Rap .
The speed of life has been fastened , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or in the bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .
Even kids started to learn driving at fifteen and most of the parents gift cars in their sixteenth birthday .
We can seen determine the future of transportation by differentiating the numbers of cars and buses .
Cricket has become a part of me since when I was a kid .
The best part of this game is batting whether someone knows or not he first prefer to bat .
If you play cricket you are surely going to burn many bad calories adhered inside your body .
MY friend was travelling there , she was talking to me about it so much .
I 'm writing to you to tell you that I will go to your home next month , I hope that you stay at home because I need your help , I will bought a present for Mary and I do not know what is her favourite coluor ,
When I will stay with you I would like to go to a Spanish restaurant , Will you ?
You are my best friend since 1984 , When I was born near to your house .
I like dance and sing too , I 'm very happy singing in the beach , especially if you stay with me .
As times go by , technology is rapidly improving .
Using will not only gain the entertainment but also get the knowledge .
We can learn how do the different animals feed on themselves .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in English , two months doing volunteering in children charity and the least two months travelling in UK.What do you think of my plan?I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to get along with children .
The most important of all , I will take an adventure to the unknown place in UK.I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
I would like to invite you to join the road trip with me.it must be an amazing experience if we are together for this trip .
When I am running , all preesure I undertook has gone .
I am fill with hope .
I started running because I endured neck pain and my left leg is not comfortable when I sat all day .
Furthermore , I want reduce my weight as well .
I bought shoes , clothes and GPS watch , I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself .The first day is so painful , I was tired to die when I just ran nearly 3 km , but things becomes better and better , and now I could run 10 km .
If you want to start running , firstly , you need a comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , make a plan , like how long should I run today , remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
Do n't make a goal that you ca n't reach , or you will lose your confidence soon .
First I will ask a question to you if this is your own house , you buy it with a lot of money and will you broke it with no reason ?
Just for mony for more house but if we destroy it we will all die our money will gone our house will gone we will have nothing .
Forest brings us fresh air bu8 t if there is no trees , what will happen ?
So my idea is aii the coutries allthe people stop to use farmland , forest andwetlang to build houses grow more trees portect our world , our homestar !
The lecture desagree with the paragraph , suggesting that the mention test developed by Alan Turing do not respond the mainly question : Can the computer think ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " that propose a challange to prove that the Turing 's test was not conclusive , than he create a paradox .
He selected people to into in a chinese room , there was a computer in chinese language with diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not understand what was in the computer screen .
Different from the original test mention on the text , that all the participants were american and native speakers from that language , it was really easy to understand what was in the computer screen .
Second , the text support that the computers were evaluated by the own people that submited the test .
I am happy to know about you .
Your plan sound great and I will be pleased to spend a few days with you and your family .
My grandmother is going to visit me in July so I would prefer suit you in August .
I think it is more fun sleep together in your apartment . We could tell terror stories to each other at night , before sleep .
I really like spend time on the beach but there are a lot of time so we could go to the swimming - pool if your parents say yes .
Too we could go to the bar to drink some juice or to go to eat an ice - cream .
Science , I just remember I always liked a car race , but one of my frevourite is a Formula 1 .
Ricki , is not the fastes driver on the track , but he drive very safety .
Ferrari making one of the fastes cars on the word , but this seson they are not so fast on the Formula 1 trac , how they were in the past .
Michael is one of the most important economist in the world , he wrote a lot of book about economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
He has decided to do a short essay about capital market abuse whereby he considered to travel to Italy and pick up some financial data from Italian central bank .
The key idea of this essay is the following : Italy in time of Berlusconi was almost entered bankruptcy however Michael is trying to avoid the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .
he received a lot of critics simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he was used in his essay moreover they thought that he received money from Italian government .
After two years that his essay was released , he will understand that his essay was wrong moreover , Michael will want to apologise many people who read his essay thereby Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , goes to bed thus Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
The son of Lucy and her husband one day he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a game , he make five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had been generations of gods so he started throwing that for play , one time that he take the jewelry , it consume the mind of the little guy and that cause that the jewelry liberated some sounds that only giants can hear so a mountain stand up that was the face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
It is very easy to spend hours getting entertained by television .
However , it is more difficult to educate .
How could I do this mistake ! !
These were my first feeling when I did the mistake .
In order to reduce energy consumption should be made so that as much as possible lectures takes place in the day time .
I will introduce some good places to visit .
The palace is in the middle of the city , therefore , you may feel different mood between 19 century and this day .
England do n't have enithing you are the worst and more horrible country in the universe .
In conclusion , before read the article I have never realized the importance of using drama in an English class .
For sure I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives to students the opportunity of not just learn something in the classroom , more than that , is the opportunity that they use their knowledge in the pedagogical and social life .
I lived since two years in England and I speak English .
Recently , I had worked babysitting since one year in a school .
I like do activities with them also I feed them .
I choose the wheel because is the most useful invention ever because thanks to it the human works make easier by example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today the wheel was invented at a relatively late point of human history , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
I would like to visit is Germany .
You can think ' why this ? '
Added to what I know , make it attractive .
To this , we have to join the food and drinks ( who do n't think this ? ) .
Except estrange cases , who do n't like to prove the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurt sausages in the place where was invented ?
But friends maybe in the future go away or hurt you!So you ca n't always based on them!For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and in the end they go away .
The members follow you , and can based on them . You can tell whatever you want to them .
Mom and dad spent their life to grow up their children , to feed them , to love them !
In conclusion , Members of your family an important role in your life !
It presented a politician , an economist and two envirementalists .
These people , those live in a city , do not take her own car or have not one .
So will follow problems of these habits .
This makes me ponder , weather is a future of the old public transport system or should make a new system .
One argument of these topic , that more and more people live in cities .
There going to following some problems .
One of these are the jams .
Everybody own a car and nobody rent a car .
So will following more jams , if we do not change our habits .
Have you drank under the legal drinking age in this past month ?
If yes , then you are one in the other 8.7 billion who have also drank under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because the teen could get into trouble with the law , the teen could cause harm themselves and others and can have a higher risk of alcohol dependancy later in there lives .
This is an interested question becaus I beleive that my family is my best friends but at the same time they are not my friends .
My family is my best friends because they realy takes care off me when I needed them to .
They looks over me and help me when I am in troubles .
But my family is not my best friends because you chose you friends but you do not chosen you family .
The two maps show the changes which had taken place in the town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .
Generally it can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it before .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
squash sport also can be played individually as two players together or in team of 4 players.squash one of the very nice attractive sports
Althouth public transport is cheep and more enviermental , they are not so flexble or comfortable as the car .
Exept for the big cities the public transport is not an easy way to move trohout the city , that means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
The first step , the bank notes should be desinged concidering some constructions , like background color , artwork and security issues , After it was prepared , skilled machinists would make preparaation of metal plates in the second step .
Then , sheets of bank notes would be printed by 50 bank notes per sheet , which have colour imagines on both sides in special ink .
After printing well , these sheets would be manually inspected closely .
It was the most important step during the whole processing .
And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which would be cut into and separated into equal ones andpacked and depatched to where they are demanded .
Another ones which were bad sheets and bad bank notes from damaged apparently , would be destroyed securely .
This was the whole working process of the bank notes and it was consist of 7 steps .
The sport is one of the best forms to be healthy and make some exercise .
My favourite sport is playing tennis .
I had been playing tennis from 2 years ago with two of my best friends .
I am not very good at all but I like to play it with my friends and do matches on Saturdays .
For new tennis players I recommend to know how to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball and how to put your feet .
In today 's class , we were discussing about wheather or not we agree to the common enourmous payed salaries of fooball Players .
For him , as one of the top sheld payed Players of european leagues , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
What influences does this salaries have on the Clubs is quite simple .
By this aciton a Ronaldo or messie can be payed and it is possible to buy the best Team fo the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the Moment .
The Anger will spoil over someday .
But if the Prices will be to high , no onw would visit the games anymore .
For example , restaurant business and technology industry is totally different in Taiwan .
In these 10 years , Taiwanese have become enjoy our life , so many people like to drink coffee or have an afternoon tea .
That is why many business men want to win in this competition , so they created so many bargain activities , like if you check into places , you will buy one get one free .
Although they produce high quality products they receive a little money and have high pressure in work .
In three to four years ago , htc makes so much money in the Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
The company likes to produce new products and use high salary to hire great talents .
So htc became more energetic and bold in making innovation .
In Taiwan , many young people want to enter htc .
Finally , Taiwan still suffers economic slump , but we have so many businesses likes to innovate , market their product , customers likes to buy it .
I think Taiwan will be recovery in the near future .
One evening , it was a blistering hot day that I still should attended , one of my friends , a wedding ceremony .
I was dressed in nice suit , going to this party .
I wanted to know how beautiful the woman was .
As soon as the bride appeared in front of us , most people kept silent abruptly .
I maintain a good - looking face , keeping fit .
I prefer having a nice gorgeous girl live with me to living alone .
However , I was too dizzy to go straight so that I took a ride .
The driver set me to a place where he know .
On the other hand I 'm used to work long hours as a matter of fact in holidays I had worked in many restaurants .
one day Micheal wanted to go out from his home so he called his besfriend an suggested to go out togther , his friend agreed , so Michael weared his closes , wnet out and closed the door but at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .
he forgot the key inside the home !
hw went to his father in the company and get the another copy of the house key .
when he get back to the home it was late and the metting was canceled
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have been travelled for all the world and in this experience , I have seen in the necesity on work to fiance my journey , so the I have dedicated to work on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience in this .
I always do exercise , in the morning I like to running on the beach , at the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
The public transport do stop more time that the car , this transport go direct to its destination .
I believe that the people in a future they will begin to travelling shared car more time and they use less the public transport as the train , the bus , underground , etc .
The problem that I saw with this , It is that in the future will be more pollution , because there will be many cars .
I love Grey 's Anatomy , this is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this show has been beloved because of the soap opera drama parts .
The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face the situations which is uneasy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in hospital .
I used to think I never liked soap opera , because it was boring , out of date and unworthy to watch , but this was just prejudice .
Who wants that their child sees this ?
Of course you can make a child lock on the TV but when you look hard enough for some you will find any .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of social - economic levels which make people to have a different and divided attitude toward education .
This is depending on the believes and the cultures of the people .
I go with my older sister , daddy and mommy .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both economy and cultural diversity , the need of the resource is increading , which used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
What is worst , the room of the house where some animals lived before , so they lost their houses , which become the houses of people , nevertheless , the earth is not only belonged to the human .
Secondly , building more houses not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of the house is too expensive to buy for public person .
Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts by setting certain law .
In a word , the government may appeal in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only facus on personal profit .
The cars pollute big amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the result of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid Beijing or New York are grey and this has to change .
Using the public transport is " healthier " than the car for the environment because inside the bus can travel twenty three humans and is only one vehicle , however it would be twenty cars .
Also people think that travel in cars is faster than in public transport and I agree with it because the bus or the underground is always stopping in the different stations , so in this way the car is better .
In my opinion , I will use the public transport , not always but more than the car although you travel slower because I want to save our planet , that the rising generations can live in good conditions .
Sometimes it is difficult to join so many fellows to practise a coletive sport .
For example , never starts a match without a warm up because you can suffer serious muscular injury .
Another very commom risk is to fall on the square which can cause dangerous scratches .
Buy a good racket , wear a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise and start to enjoy .
I worked in middle aged school for about 2 years , where I had experience which will be suitable for the current position .
as I worked in restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , how I gathered knowledge of basic cooking methods , hope it may helpful for now !
I believe that this job suitable for me !
I am interested in work new work environment , kindly reply
thanking you !
I needed money which I can spedn during study semestr .
I did not know what going on .
My clients was very impolite .
But my good men tell me one important sentence .
This job would be boring if every day wolud be nice .
I encountered during the concert small problems but we have fixed very easy thanks to the team with whom I have worked .
Pleasure to work at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people with different ages starting from the young and the elderly who forget all your worries and enjoy the same concert as if not and be separate .
When they were together , they knew that his history was about to finish .
People surprised to know his relation was broken for so long .
They always were so friendly , and so kind ... that was strange image that end But that was the sad reality .
They presented arguments to get the custody and the layer listened them very carefully to decide they can not have the cat .
There are the most bad mistake that he does in all your life ....
She always asks to Michael to never disrespect when people are at the door and always be polite .
Mia could n't accept when some behave badly .
But , one day day , Mia think that she could do a test .
Then she put her cover of an old woman and took her way home .
Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael open the door and Mia ask if he has a cup of water to give him and he says way he would give a cup of water to an old people .
These is the most mistake I did in all my life !
In later time , society feel the need for change about iniquities that pass in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building is abandoned because the government and country do nt have money for construction , to the point the building metal estructure was used as weapons .
After the revolution , construction will use for represented the win of revolution
Almost every family have a car now .
Only in the big city , people use public transport to will not be traffic .
My mother and my father had a fight to each other , they wanted not together .
They even asked me , I wanted to go with who , they grabbed my hands , wanded me go themself , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
I wanted we can live together forever , they taked care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .
I thinked these things .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't decide a choice , my father and my mother saw I cry , decided not keep going , and they saied sorry to each other and me .
I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money with something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you put aside money to buy something really important to you .
If I were you I wait to spend the money .
so I decided to learn swim for summer vacation .
Nowadays I usually went back to the swimming pool in the weekens .
Sometimes I got rid of my stress .
I thoght the swimming was the best of sports in my life because you can use your body muscle everything .
So you could a lose weight and gained muscles .
Some of my friends they did n't want to shown their body by someone . because a lot of students did n't have exercise .
We did n't have to enough time today .
but I always said my friends " If you want to have fit body , you will register swimming pool .
We wondered if some work need to be done to increase the student attendance in the math courses .
subsequently , this step is most important.bank note should be inspected.bank notes separated into good and bad if get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this stage sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . if get bad sheets.the nest stage is disposal.band sheets and bank notes securely destroyed .
The diagrams show bank notes how to make , there are four steps to make the bank notes .
And then , the sheets are printed , operator should pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
Third , this is the most important step that printed sheets manually inspected , the this sheets are classified three areas .
The next called partially damaged shees , and bank notes separaed into good and bad , good sheets will be cutted into separate bank notes and packed , the bad one will be destroyed by fair .
This a method of making bank notes , and the operater should pay attention to the printed sheets how to inspect .
Before the production , they should think about the cover , including background color , artwork and codes which make it different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .
On the top of the steps is the inspectation by hands , that is to say , they should be separated into well - qualified ones , which are to be cut into bank notes , and delivered to the banks and the bad ones which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the last stage .
Rise your nose from your phone , and look at all these nice things that the life is giving us .
I think public transport do n't lost .
If I will go travel I think a car is very useful . but Movement of long distance is very tire .
Consequently , you ca n't fun travel .
For example , maybe you have a personal situation , that is very important to you , but you do not want your family know about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .
Actually I realize that busynes is not for the major , everybody know Tec is very demanandant and if you wanna be there you must work hard .
I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administrator when I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a sports company lik UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Finally I hope to get my own business .
Family members are the people who will company us in our whole life .
Compare to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us the most .
Families realize our mind so much ; However , our classmates or companies ca n't reach that because they do n't stay with us all the time .
Only families can know us the most because they live with us when we came to this world .
In addition , they always supply much food to us so that we wo n't stay hungry .
Besides , eating with our families are one of the most happiness things in our life .
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game
While I was dancing she pushed my by accident , she did n't noticed it so I thought she was an arrogant person at first .
But , when our friend in common introduce her to me I realized that she was a funny and nice person .
She is also a good listener , she always know what to say in a bad moment and she is always there when a friend is in trouble .
And I like see how they look like .
They learn at school , they have problems with each other , they fall in love , have parties .
I think that a lot of people can learn how to live , what think , eat , wear from this soap opera .
She did a lot for me , my life
First of all , although travelling by car become more convenient , the growing population which cause personal vehicle is hard to manage .
The traffic jam becomes more and more serious as far .
Such as Beijing , the metropolis in China , faces the salient bad traffic as such government had to encourage the citizen go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
So , the public transport is playing an important role in our daily life , It shows an indispensable effects on the society work .
The report is based on the opinions and ranking of people and critics that have been visiting these places .
Moreover , it is more approppiate to start constructing roads which were convenience for the majority .
first my favorite sport is futboll and i like for many reasons for example while you are watching a match you 're going to feel exited and entretaining besides that fubol has the best fotboll player than ever who is leo mesy he 's the best and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playing .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to have 28 year .
The mas was armed try to steal the backpack .
But he not be fixed that the man was a camera in his head and hi action was filmed .
He was furious because the American do n't understand what he would say .
The man run to where his friends and sought a police .
The tourists return to his country very scared .
How can I start ? should i start with speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?
Let 's take me as an example , I am a 25 years old girl who is graduated from faculty of engineering and want to travel to Germany to complete my study but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
College is the only place where i feel I am special that is why i always like to there .
Today , because of our progress of industry , we produced so many environmental problems that had n't appeared before .
The problems were n't so significant that we overlooked them , but now they become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
Why we make mistakes ?
As a nature of human , we would make mistakes .
If you wrong , I will fix you and if I wrong , please fix me .
Anyway , we would make mistakes , if we do the new challenges and new tasks .
The aim of this report , is to show how does my town takes care of the environment .
How does the town treats the environment :
In spite of the informative sessions about the enviorenment , organized by the Mayor for all of the residentes , it also has lots of staff that cleans the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons.first of all , we got the same education as we grew together we know each other .
If I suffer from any problem the first step I do is I try to go back to my lovely sister because deep inside I know she is only member that can assist me .
Secondly , if I need money I will come back to my brother or sister I ask them to borrow some money .
First , the trend of environmentally friendly has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution by car , and more governments had build the public transport system including subway , buses etc .
The other is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts , most famous resorts lack of parking lots , travelers may spend hours to park .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantage of travelling by car was placed by public transport gradually , the future of the public transport is bright .
If I play with my best friends at football I will be a goalkeeper .
In Somalia , people usually throw the rubbish and garbage in everywhere , and there is no a cycle which intended to keep it .
The city council are tackling with how they can keep the city clean , and each and every morning there are employees whose work are to collect and keep the environment clean .
Many of the main roads of Mogadishu are getting attractive by the day and the people begun to make their city clean .
Study says the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat fast then the other sport .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding the swimming pool , I think that just an excuse to be lazy , the Internet will help you to find out .Lets go to swim .
Nowadays , there are many choices to spend in our free time such as go shopping , travelling , listen to music , reading , etc ..
I play football in my free time until now .
My first idea , football make us stay in shape , avoid some diseases .
I have relationship with people who are playing football with me .
A finally idea , football makes us enjoy our life and increase quality of life so far after working hours .
My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the world a few people telling me that messi is the best player but i feel angry when i hear that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best player one day its like a dream to me .
i enjoy when i spend my time in the water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a group of people i keep telling them and screaming do not close with me ! ! !
We the management of The Arch London Hotel received your mail and wishes to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desired to work in via return mail along with a scan copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us make every necessary corrections .
Indeed all the indicators show that humain behavior will not change at least in the following decades .
These companies must take care of the environment or they would have to pay big tax at the council .
Be always in contact with our friends has become our way of living .
Moreover also simple things are changed , for example the food we eat : some times ago everythingh was natural , healthy ... but now everyone eat always " junk food " and thinghs like that , which are completely unhealthy !
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion people wo n't have a " really life " : everyone will be always more involved in the virtual life so that they will forget how to talk each other and how express own feelings !
I started soccer when I was four .
Some fear are instinctive and it 's positive because it protect us from real danger , it 's a good response .
Alison put on her coat , close the door and went to his parents house by car .
She went to his parents house because they sent her an email that said that his father is okay after the oparation .
When alison knock on his parents door she noticed that there were many people in her parents house , a man open the front door .
tube and train , but is there a future for it or not ? , I am going to respond this question giving disadvantanges and advantages and finally I give my personal opinion .
Secondly , moving in a city in public transport could be horrible , there are too many station , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrived at home .
Firstly , if anyone want to move in the city using the car , that could be very expensive , due to traffic jam .
Secondly , Public transport is more ecological and less polluted with the enviromment , so as it is producing less polluted fume , and many of them use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than never before , cities contains more automoviles and the pollution is worse , we need to change our mind , and try to use them as other alternative to improve the enviromment of our cities .
the first day we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos , the day after we visited Siracusa , the third day Agrigento and The valley of the temples and the last day we saw Marsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed all the cities we saw but the best in my opinion is Siracusa . in particoular I liked Ortigia that is the oldest part of the city .
I think that the worst thing of the trip is that the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we must change Room .
it take too much time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle.there is scarcity of buses in public transport and there timings too are not fixed .
In a recent time privet transport is more convenient than public transportation , although public transport like buses , train , ferries and intercity rail are consuming less time and energy but sometimes its create problems .
In public transport people bound to share transport means with strangers and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , but with their own transport we do n't have to bother about these things we travel when we want and when we have time .
People had drived car to go a work .
The city have a lot traffic .
They prefer to go work car than bus .
Public transport is very cheap then car and reduce traffic in the city .
It 's true drive by car is so much more convenient , because people do n't need to wait bus .
They can drive any hour , they can to go and to come any moment .
This is interesting because people are practice solidary .
I think could have a lot bus in city .
Many car is poluent for planet and is alergic to people .
The train do n't have poluition .
This can help heauthy the people and city will stay most clean .
My favourite sports walk , I really like this sport for several reasons :
2- It 's very cheap , I will not buy anything to do .
4- It makes me relax because I stop doing my activity from work and study .
When you ride by bus , you pay more .
You stay in queue for buy a ticket .
Secondly , you should feel uncomfortable .
At some means of transport is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stay .
sometimes you lie on a window .
Finally , if you ride a car you musnt care about timetable . You can go at every hour .
You do n't have to worry that you do n't arrive in time .
Unfortunately , is very sad to say that people in my town does not care about the environment .
I suppose their lifstile intolerable , resteless and I really sympothise with them Magotity of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
There is one thing confuse me that is the old extension number .
I always answer some wrong calls and these calls distract me .
I receive many calls looking for the previous worker and I need to spend my time to explain what happened to him .
I 'm writing you a letter because I was made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what is the film about and how was the experience .
The idea of make a film comes up a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
At first we thought that the idea was just a joke , but Jake , one of my friends , said that he had carried a video camera .
When Jake said that , we start roar with laughter , but then , another friend offered the idea to do a home film .
The experience about the film was amazing , because we laugh all night and we enjoyed that very cool idea .
In itself , the film did n't have an especially topic , but I can describe it like friend 's film as appears lot of laughts , jokes , and it reflected that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
In My country Bus 's car is the essential public transport .
So I got a lot troubles :
2 . Bus car 's driver does n't care people who around him .
That means he is a careless , who always drives too fast
But public transport has advantages : If we uses it is the essential transport to travel .
Maybe traffic 's accident is decreased
The service is very bad the drivers are very angry and stressed out these do not lead with cauition , in Toluca exist report of high rates of accidents by buses .
I suggest changing the old buses by new buses and put security cameras in the buses .
That the cameras transmitted immediately the image of the robbers at other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions by conduct bad .
Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things ... we are always working for giving more money , we do n't meet our neighbour for example .
There is is no future for public transport because car has made life so easy .
It 's economically and practically is more expensive .
In old times luxuries were not considered as compare to Heslth but now every one prefer to save time and maintain privacy which one can only afford by using her / his private transport so gradually public transport losing its charm .
I think it 's very important as it reduce the problem of both pollution and population we use few transport as it is big and carry a lot of people .
cars are faster than public transport so cars are more convenient than public transport it is easier , faster and more comfortable especially in long distances so governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars
Now a day 's travelling became easier for the humans to move all over the world .
Many of the people habituated to use their own vehicle as their transport , where they can reach their destination in time .
firstly , We are having different modes of transport facilities , which among is road transport .
As Automotive Industries are huge in market , most of the house holders prefer to buy a car rather than any other motor vehicle .They can have easy move from source to destination with in no time .
Secondly , if the private transportation is growing faster , the traffic is also going to create a major problem , which effects the global warming .
And the income that is getting through this servicing transport will automatically dropdown , which create a problem to the economy of the government .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there are so delicious food , it 's that always you want to eat some typical food of your country and at the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat them in excess .
it is true the car is more confortable , but it uses a lot of mineral recurses like petrol wich can contaminate the ambient .
i do nt think the public transport does not have future , there are a lot of people who can not buy a car and has to use the communite transport .
Place like Mumbai is full of People and no place to park the vehicles .
Day by day people are increasing in Mumbai .
Crowd is more and all the people want to travel by public transport so it is difficult to travel . Best way to travel in there
This will saved their time .
Internet is a useful means for everyone , so we are getting on with distant friend , and we look for important information when we are studying or entretainament themself .
Second advantage is Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .
Other disadvantages is that , people do not meet with friends , since they speak by website Internet , so every time there is unless relationship , the people is not sociable .
This movie is about what happens in the real life right now , on the other side of the world .
In other words , they had to get use to a different kind of world .
We were having a good time .
I wants to become an accountant .
Sorry so much , but I ca n't go to class next week because I have to work .
Here is description about my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there was scratches on backside .
I am interested in your advertisement you post in an English language magazine .
Recently I have got a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me ILETs score 6.5 for visa .
I am good at speaking and listening sections but not confident at writing , especially essay I 've never learnt in my life so I want to focus on this writhing part more than others .
When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travel but i think we do not feel relax are there and if we talk about travelling by car .
I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to take that and more than anything else that is convenience .
Especially some people do n't have a car and some elderly persons difficult to driving a car by themselves , so the public transport helpeing them a lot .
Already public transport have been improvement and that makes comfortable to go on a trip , but I think that will be able to become good quality more and more , because so many people expectation .
I like a car as well , but when I have to driving a car I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am having travel , so the public transport is making connection with human beings .
It is why I think public transport is really important for public and there are a lot of important thing is having a possble in the future .
The question which is rising now should the employer hire women in some posts and excludes them from another , and so that for men .
There are two answer to this question , the first one is to who sees that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is every one had borne equal in duties and rights .
Is convenient take a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?
I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and is difficult once you get used to earn money , you want to study again .
Furthermore you do n't study during this period and when you want to start the university you would n't be able to remember some important things
People use public transport because of saving money .
the people use the public transport also the people needs to move for all the city .
A lot of people choice public transport for travelling because it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed and sometimes faster than driving a car .
In recent years , governments encourage people to take public transport because of fuel crisis .
Some of governments invest much money to construct public transport network to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
Besides , a traffic jam is another problem .
My mother is my inky best friends in my family , she always listening to me , sometimes i call her with her real name!.
She always tell me some jokes but some times i laughed !
, i love her so much , i do n't know how will my world being like without her and i wo n't to know .
Well , there 're a lot of sport that people practise every day but I have one which is my favourite .
This sport have a lot of type of match which you can play .
And you enjoy between your mates and live all those special moments with them .
I can give you some advice to start practising this sport .
This 's a sport that improve your friendships and it 's so good for your health .
And maybe you became a famous player or a simple player but you feel like a famuos .
Tired of having their house destroyed , the landlords decided to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be molested by floods anymore .
After the war , the gold has been left in the house .
Besides , it 's also an environment problem , exhaust fumes engulfed the earth , more car is used , more exhaust gas release , we are killing our mother .
It 's the way to prove you wealthy , when you get a car to your home , or go to school , work by a car , people will change their mind about you .
Public transport is being become a must - have mean with many people who have low - income .
my favourite sport is swimming , it makes me feeling comfortable and left me in a good mood , i go to swim twice a week , and my advice to anyone want to start to enjoy every moment of it
I think the sheep should be transfer to a place where is specialty in animal with same condition .
we bocome not only older but also wiser .we learn but the most useful thing to learn is to get in alot of experiences & for sure to make mistakes .but we have to be honest with our selves by admitting our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
I am in Kyoto to eat Yatsuhashi .
I play badminton with my family last night .
As you know , my grandmother actually lives in France with my cousint Jonh , unfortunately he has to make three months course outside of the country , Jonh will leave France next weekend , but instead it is not possible , I have to go and look after her because none of my family ca nt waist three months over there .
I am so sorry to delaying your visit , which was planned months ago , however as I told you is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
Nowadays technolgy is more modern than in the past and people always developing their invention to become more useful .
We as a human who live in these days , we live rely on technolgy , every aspect of our live are supporting by technolgy .
One of the example is television , in the past we use it only for watching news and movie , but as the time goes and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .
First , television has many programs which are can be used for education .
Many programs consist lessons for kids to learn , for kids who still want to learn speaking and know the words , it is very useful because many programs are very suitable for their to help them learn faster by watching television .
Second , tthese days television become modern and it make television can connected with internet .
So we can watching a program that we wanted so we can choose what is good and not .
In conclusion , televeision can entertain and also educate because television programs make it in interesting way .
My favourite sport is football I enjoy playing football with my friends we play at night it was very excited to play when the sky was rain .
When anyone miss to pass the ball or miss scored a goal we shouting on his face are you crazy how you missed this goal !
But we were too interested .
The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam because when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people is travelling from one place at other in only one transport or vehicle .
For many years the public transport had allowed that the people travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
When we used the car , for general , one person is the unique who is accustomed to using your own car , so not is exploiting the potential of this car .
it 's for this reason that I think the public transport is a great benefit for the society , and a good way for move us of the one place at other , I suggest that the government has to give more means for the purpose of improving the public transport .
The food , his team of chefs , prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a piece of art , not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the Head - chef .Not only the food but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
Waiters being happy to help anyway they can and working hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
That become our life more and more crowd
Keep it in mine what you should do before buying your own dreaming TV .
Consider a good prize and good quality by checking and visiting stores , you should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV or largest , you can save money by only watching few minutes on stores , have your sit , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies in your own TV considering prizes and qualities , some TV brings you the experience to enjoy your favourite movies in other scenery , will you try ?
People who reach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the supporters suggest that is helpful for the 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that is harmful for the human right and affect development of the country .
Consider both aspects that can be concluded that government should respect the human right and set up a new department which use for people who want to apply to complete the military service .
In my opinion our lives will have a dramatic change in the next 50 years .
I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many disease and that would change our life because we could live for more time .
I want thank you the invitation but I would n't go to the party because is my sister 's s burradas .
I do currently master but I can devote myself to the Fellowship Especially since I finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow - up from time to time with my guide Academic , so I have the time for the Fellowship .
When I read his poem " The adventure of Tom Soyer " I was exited .
The last thriller I have watched is " True Detective " from HBO .
I was impressed because I ' ve never seen before such films .
That slow - motion action is so impressive that I have been seen that only for one day .
I hope see you soon .
This report is aiming to give a clear idea about the environment preserving in my town .
Second , New rules were legislated condemning any person intended to harm the environment in any way .
so it comes as no surprise my favourite sport is football .
Thirdly , from aesthetic point of view , it was call the beautiful game by Pele .
we will know today some of information about Islam , Islam is great religion come from The Arabian Peninsula and its founded since 1436 years ago .
Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in small city called mekka and travelled to another city closed to mekka called almadina cause the people of mekka were very aggressive and they not accepted the new Invitation for the new religio
I think the principal thing in our talking is The internet network , computers , technology and communications .
the Shopping also will be in the internet , every thing will b !
In the other hand , I like swimming a lot and I had been playing tennis in a local team three years ago .
He had lived near our town and I used to spend my holidays with him , and , of course , I used to help him with his cows and rabbits , so I could do this work again for your company .
Then the sheets of bank notes printd .Printing colour on both sides and sprcial ink or images slightly raised .
When printing finished , they should inspection .
It the most important step .
Printed sheets manually inspected .
Finally , they found good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheeets or bad sheets .
They will packaging and distribution the sheets which is good in there .
In that time they at fist cut into separate bank notes , second they packed the sheets and diapatched .
At the same timebad sheets and bank notes securely destoryed .
Why not?.Firstly , what 's for you education?,It 's very clear for me that education is to create the conditions to do your thinkings grow .
If the way to do that it 's easy and nice I think at the end is better than explain theory concepts .
Other reason for my opinión is that almost all the people preffer use the visual sense and ear to other person more than write and listen for understand new things .
Deffinitly , No alwyas , It depend on the kind of programme , but I Think that nowdyas a lot of televisión ofert help to the people develop more effectively .
Hunting is the funniest thing I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to come out in the forest .
I start to hunt when I was seven years old .
The animals I like to hunt most is birds , rabbits , moose and roe deer .
Their name is Pluto , Krocken and Zelda .
When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have very fun because we live in a cabin and it 's a really funny man to I laugh every evening and have very fun .
My stepdad shoot a very big moose when I was there with him and I get the trophy of the moose .
I Am communicating to you , with the purpose of let yo know that we will set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discuss how we could use social media to improve the Communication with our suplliers , i think a great time for the meeting could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
The purpose of this letter is to notificate you some complaints that some citizens has , this is related why only boys have to be in the draft of military service , and girls does not have to .
How are you ? I fine .
I do n't mind eating every day there !
First of all , we should thinking out a design and dicide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
And then for the preparation of metal plates , the skilled and machinists is considerate .
Nect , printing , sheets of bank notes printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet)colour on both sides , and specWell , the most important step is inspection , we should printed sheets manually inspected .
Have you ever spent the holiday combine fun and knowledge ?
This house is characterized as containing large numbers of students who memorized the holy book of Quran .
Finally , if you want to rest and good companionship , joined to this house .
Pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is form the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they can build a great building like that form about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people from all over the world come to Egypt to see it 's great civilization , around 2 million people come to pyramids yearly you can be one of them .
my English language is weak , I like to improve it which complete my post graduate study ,
keeping your exciting and joining the event .
There are a number of reasons that you should join the fun fair .
It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or somebody needs by purchasing .
It is kind of you to join the event and buy something .
If this several reasons why you should take part in the event can not draw your attention , you may try to search some information about the event last year .
It is hoped that the successful fun fair or student 's experiences can attract you to participate the fun fair .
It is believed that the fun fair will be hold successfully too this years .
My favourite sport is fitness . I love go to the gym , because there we will meet new people , make friend and we can relax .
When I am there I can relax and I try do not think about my problem and my work .
I am feeling very proud about that .
I think all the people should practice one sport , we can feel better after that and that is very good for our healthy .
The teacher use lesson time effectively .
Studies and monitors students ' progress , help them to deal with their problems .
So I started to walk away to there , but the guy start to follow me .
So I should to walk quickly until I can enter in a old and alone house behind the park .
I start to walk through the house until I listen a noise .
Then a ghost appeared in front of me and the guy appears behind me .
Everyday , sweepers clean the Caceres street and the people teach their children that the rubbish do n't throw in the street .
Antoni Gaudi was the Catalan architect who design it in 1798 and in 1882 its construction got started .
when I was ten years old really I like to play football too much . I have joined football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .
The team name is coming location area which is AKSARAY.I prefer to play and watch football as well .
After making sport you will feel your body to be coming strong and you brain will be with out of stress .
Therefore , everyone must make sport according to them ability .
Finally , I prefer to play football because of my health .
In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind , which is sweet , incredible , magical or horrible .
However , one of dreams is keeping in my heart that I ca n't forget it forever .
One night , as usual , I slept .
It just a very long tunnel where was dark and strange , After , I felt my body ache .
I began to yell that hoped someone could save me to leave from here .
Finally , I saw a light to appeare my eyes and I woke up .
It lets me feel that it 's a strange dream .
Nevertheless travel by car is easier for commute for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without a terrible discomfort of buses ; in addiction there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , in special way if the government have invested his money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn revolutionary our life .
Well , the form that we use the television depend one each on .
Will has people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but has too their people that use television for searchs .
For example , the chanel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of informations of animals and how it lives .
Maybe studies we make otherwise ; in search on computers , in books , etc ...
The television 's use is staying more and more utilized by the people ; so we are getting more problems of vision .
The capitalist 's world make us increasingly become us updated .
Now a days everybody have conditions to buy a television , so the numbers of the tv viwers get up ; even being poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
To go shopping , is one of these things that you can love or , like it happen to me , you can hate at all .
In my case , I 'm always wrong with the sizes and to return the products , takes me a long time and a great effort , so it does n't worth it .
Much better is to take a walk in the high street , and make from this time something for pleasure .
Socializing online help us to contact with our friends by easy way in different places and this way cost us money .
For the last years , the public transport has been forget .
If everybody uses the public transport , the world be much better . and the people will be stress less , because they will be not worried about parking places or be in the traffic .
Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for the people , being more healthy too .
Even though people trying to develop drones to reduce logistic costs , it is difficult to apply the technology to carry humans .
We love to travel there and here , but this is the place I wish to go long time ago .
I hope it would be fun there .and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me felt that I must go while I can .I ca n't wait till the day comes
The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swimming and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
So these are the advice that i give for them .
So bored when I ca n't continue learn English .
The home was on a shore.there was a tunnel but it 's hole is in the deep.first he used to be polite and obay the other orders .
Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid he was waiting for sara to get out he went to the shore to look if she went from the other side but he found no footprints.his mother called him he went home and still thinking about sarah.it was night and ge was afraid ti get there again.he went to sleep .michael closed the door and knew at this moment he had made a mistake .
They are sincerely manage wastage and avoid carbon generated products .
Many organizations work for making up the consciousness of the pupil , so people are more sensitive about the environmental pollution .
Now government is working for decreasing smoke emission of the mill and industry .
Some advancement happened already , it 's implementation also runs with full speed .
Last but nor least , the strict rules and regulation have more effective impact on to make a good town .
Our authority is more careful about the rules and regulation ; hence no - one can eschew the rules .
The job announcement on your webpage immediately took my attention , as it has always been my dream to work for the German - Norwegian Youth Forum and the requirements meet just the skills that I can provide you with .
Since 2013 I am studying English and Marketingscommunications at University College Syddanmark .
It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable , and following is my reasons .
My favourite sport is cricket . I love cricket very much since from my school time .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes absence of parking places makes me changing the statement .
Good question about item , how can answer , if you would win £ 100 .
Firstly , I describe how I can help my local environment and what I do useful for item .
I am a very stricte keen ecology person for 10 years .
I am interesting about natural ways how we could help in the local area .
I tend to drive with my bicycle from home to work , I do n't used my car or buses for long time , because is not healhty and costs .
A bicycle is for me the best way how we can be do fit and a good condition and also to more less polution without cars .
So , my bills from water are inexpensive , because I swap to have a bath than take a shower .
Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home I do switch off the temperature .
I switch on a home hiting for a temporary time , when I am working off I used more energy to warmht at home .
Next point is a fact , that recycle glass and paper is most important .
But there are some problems like these - how will drive a lot of people who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he has some problems with the health .
Some years ago when the weather was colder here people had eaten more meat with wine .In fact growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
In fact today people interested in drinking wine during participating at parties or meeting with friends .
Actually modern life affected on our palate changing .Instance some people who work majority of their waking houres prefer to use fast food more .
Our commitments imposes us to forget ourselves and our healthy .
It may be cause increasing wight or reducing the number of necessary vitamines which our body needs .
In conclution if we have decision to living long following suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
The members of my family is no where near my best friends .
And this may have effected my way of thinking and acting in different situations .
So no , my members in my biological family is n't my best friends .
For my town , there are many regulations that are forced by the municipality and environment ministry , such as preventing animals like ( sheeps , horses , cows .. etc ) , from being in the town and in the population areas .
Besides , due to the critical situation we are living and facing in iraq .
people , espicially grnerator 's owner , start using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid off as possible as they can from the polution .
Other resedential areas , using their potentialsto maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , having nemourse green spaces .
Also recycling the trushes are a very inteligent way to keep the town clean , and get multiple use of the products in industry lines .
on the Otherhand , eldest people in our city having many socity responsiblties that are encourging the youngest ages to participate in the annual gardening festival , for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Hope that those information are of good use .
They brought Marcuangolo to a room and put the boy in a bed .
The doctor ask for his phone number and he phoned his parents .
Before I entered university , life in high school had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and interactive .
In my class , I have a group of close friends , and they treated me very well .
The first day when I studied at the university , I had a lot of friends .
At the weekend , I like going for a walk and get some fresh air with my friend .
We laughed and eating together .
I am living in Deria which is located in Dubai .
This is to say that most part of cars are not green , namely , current cars are not designed for generate a good impact in the environment .
Regarding the reason for the described situation is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies which are intended to get as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
The idea of banned cars from the centre of all major cities have advantages and disadvantages .
The good things about not allow cars in the cities centres are that the traffic will be reduced , the trips will be faster and the contamination will be less .
On the other hand the bad things are that you have to park out of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you could n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and is a country to improve with your job , also is easy to start a job.there are many jobs access and many different types of jobs .
this country are many interesting pLaces to visit , if you wantto have adventure you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
If you want to have fun you may go to parque de la Costa there are many interesting rolercoasters .
My favorite foods is pizza , tacos and Kebab .
Public transport is not convenient for most of the people because every person wants to reach on time at his place but using public transport it is very difficult to reach on time .
all begins in 1981 when freddy fazbear 's pizza open , the establishment it 's a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant in had robots , in 1981 there were four animatronics and their names are Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Foxy the pirate makes a show individually in her pirate cove , The children loves Foxy because plays with the kids making questions about the pirates and count a pirate story .
When freddy begin to sings the kids screams and they sing with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plays the battery and Chica serves the pizza to the children , This year the stablishment close because they found the body of a dead child .
The establishment seek a security guard who had to keep the pizza restaurant at night , I am the security man .
When I saw the advertisement about the job in this moment I think that is very easy , I called the number , they give me the information and I accept .
The rules are simple just see the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait to 6:00am and close the doors if you needed I say OK .
My first night was easy because only see the screen and pass the camera to camera and nothing strange happened , I could only hear footsteps and noises .
My second and third night they were very strange because in the cameras the animatronics move as if it wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
The fourth and fifth night were the worst because the animatronics were very active , closed it and opened the doors because they try to get into my room .
but I could survive the night .
My hair are browns and my eyes are dark . I will arrive in the Central Station at eleven o'clok and I will wear a read cot and a yellow scarf .
In this holiday I go to Barcelona with my girlfriend .
This may become a have leap after Armstrong landed on the Moon .
Travelling by car becomes a comfortable factor nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we want , we can start at our desired timings .
This would gradually kill public transport .
One more reason is that banks provides loan at a lower interest which makes people to buy one to improve their comfort level .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves .Everyone want to improve his life to be better but how without doing anything . we must to start with education and healthy which are most important things to be better .
everyone need to focus not only his education but also on others .
No progress will happen without plan .Each one has a dream want to achieve it but first of all he need to put a plan and also cognitive one .
If they would had to pay then they would do .
We should must proper planing for our city to proper look after of it .
Actually , there are many huge problems are in your city just as there are no any proper drainage system for it not any specific canal system through which we can properly cleaned our city .
I would like to invite you in exciting job offer for your weekends in my cafe .
your position is manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will b responsible for managing all level and add you experience in order to improve our cafe .
Also you will managing approx . 16 person and you will have a full privilege to handle them as you like .
we are locking for salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , and only 2 day per weak .
Istanbul Locate in turkey .
It is the capital city of turkey and it takes a large area on the some there are a lot of people where living in Istanbul .
Istanbul buildings so simple and have special design then other cities .
What erer , if it change or not , I will like it more than any place in the would .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada , in this school there were good values like share or help to other person .
Moreover , my parents , who are teachers , they have been teaching me how I must educate , for several years .
I asked myself If I had had the possibility of change the world , I would have tried to do all that in your hands .
My favorite sports/ hobbies is windsurfing and sailing .
Three words that describe me really good is :
A thing that i would like that people knew is that its not a good idea that wake me when i m sleeping .
If you have a car you would probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who does n't have a car so they are used to go by bus and for them this way of travelling has become more conveniet because they have done it since they were children .
Then whatever the opinion you get is the result of the social situation in what you live .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
Everyone use public transport every day .
It is difficult to imagine how we can live without it .
But in spite of this a lot of people have a dream about a car .
The most said that using a car more convenient than using a public transport .
How are you ? You know , it has been a long time since we have met each other why do n't we go to the cinema .
She has twuenty seven dresses of maid of honor , meantime , she call in love with a boy who is very handson , but he is working in a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city , he is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
Almost every family have more than one car .
For example inventing severals special dates in a year for using only public transport .
Unfortunately many tourists do n't take care about saving personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the sea beach ) in clean .
In my opinion , firstly , new bilding on the banks must forbidden at all .
While putting lot of stress on physical abilities , it is needless to say the day can be tiresome if one may decide to play in the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging how you would keep up your mantle status .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more help full for the people .television is also using as a study material for example smart classes ,
One day , Michael were going to school for his final examination .
saddenly , an old carried a heavy load hit him and fall down .
I work as a teacher for ten years .
I really love take care of myself and so the last years I decided to do walking every day in the evening .
I suggest everybody having the same evening walking , you need just a pair of comfortable shoese !
The main reason for people do n't like to travel by public transport is due to overcrowding
Like you know , I was work in a youth camp the last year , so that if you want to take this job I would like say some things that will help you .
This kind of job is very useful if you want improve your English skills .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough for pay the level of living in London and else the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , arrived until November !
In any way , I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have listened that in this month the organization is better than in July .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , that ha has planned two weeks ago
Then peter stared " happy birthday my lovely sister " peter said and gave here key of a car
Sara was so amazed and hug here brother and grateful him .
after that the celebration was began and a lot of their friends have attended each one presented a gift for Sara , she was very delighted and suddenly the doorbell been rang
Sara stood and stared here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here they had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this happen Sara never forget that day .
However , it seems that each day a new source for extracting fuels is exploring .
When we talk about convenience , comfort and safety then private transport is more likely to consider .
Public travelling may trouble the passengers due to increasing fares .
There was one old granny who was beat up .
We try to gave her help but she was so heavy and we could not do that . Than we were trying to find help ,
On our luck I had a mobile phone , but Michael was saying that we need to escape because we did not know are those bullies near the corner .
My plan was to phone my dad and an ambulance and I 've done that .
After we came to the ambulance , police come and one patrol was catching those man who made that to that granny and the other patrol was talking to us .
I found out that granny name is Rose and she had got operation after the accident .
He knew that if we escape at that moment when the granny was at the ground , she would most probably die .
I rose up in Al Qassim region and I lived the best time in my life in Al Qassim .
I studied in Al Qassim University and my major Microbiology .
I like a lot of activities such as travelling , readillng , play soccer and watch movies .
This sport cause fresh and jolly me and I think will exercise cause healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and piece of ground that separate with tie .
Shopping takes place the biggest part especially to women , but sometime it becomes not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack of money then you will not be able to feel pleasure of it .
Human live has change a lot in the last years , and it seems that this will happened faster every day , the technology advances and the changes in the way of thinking , are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small paper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reign that time will focus in the companies and make money and spend it , this is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to a home office and the firms are giving more and more facilities to their employees to be more efficient .
At the end , the kind of live that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help the people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of live , but this will be only to meke more money and consume more and more , also the things will be faster of waste to make the people to change their apparel more often and create a consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon that armland , forest and wetland is disappearing for some long - term human activities , for instant housing and transport networks is builded by destroying the balance of environment .
Firstly it is clear that more house and transport networks is convenient for our people , what is knowed to us is that the population growth is a big problems , which is needed for more palce to living .
And builing more transport networks is also benifit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can be shorteded our time in traveling.while the animal may not welcome to it ,
The good user experience will be good to collect data and be good for making a decision in commerce .
She had just wanted to hide from this world .
Lora has grown up and become a very pretty adult .
She has mooved to Kyiv , graduated from university and started to work .
Althought she tried to hide she has become a great and a famous model .
She has even got a boyfriend , Michael .
I had been following series of football 's events in and around the world at large .
I took this time to command people who are sacrificing their entire life of the betterment of sportsmanship .
What really makes me to love Barcelona is that they play the football , instead of them running around .
They always bring talented players that will make the club be more improved tactically.people always say this;"Barcelona does n't buy players"it 's not like , they are lacking money .
The advice I would give to someone who starting this sport .
I reach home at 13:00 then I take my lunch and relax for an hour .
we all know that do sport is very important to keep our life healthy and happy .
The walking can also fitness and do the knee stronger .
Because , when we practice a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy , that it 's happening with me .
But we have concrete examples , which we should wear follow and which already demonstrated that nothing it 's impossible .
It is an important thing to love and like a lot what we practice , because that it 's the key .
I love to do joking in the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .
This crime was happened about six years ago .
Three month after her passing , she was rediscovered dead along the stream .
Every year thousands of car are sell and the demand is growing .
Probable the only opportunity to change this will be to remark on people the opportunity to save energy and diminish the environment contamination if we use public transportation .
It is not only entertains , but also educates .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe , in fact there is some important tournament where participate all important Europe team , They are called " Champions League " and " Europa League".football is a team sport in fact in this sport participate everyboby without exclude nobody .
as any normal pouring day when you teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
all my class called me creep ugly geek but still little good only when a teacher want from them a research or the exams
are next couple days but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;
that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you
A new way of transport mut be included .
We Should include new alternatives of transport in our routines .
We have no idea of how much damage factories causes to the rivers and seas .
The government should improve a new law to regularize this damage .
I am very happy because the time spent very fast .
You can come here when you have time because my house is your house .
However the best option is that you came here and after I present my friends and their fathers because they can help with your job .
On the other hand , I do n't recommend travel because this is very expensive .
If you came here , you will see a lot of country and you travel around the world .
I will look forward to your notice about your decision , but I am very nervous because if you are with me , I will have the best summer in my life and I will be very happy because we will do parties with a lot of friends .
You must remember that the money are very important in your decision .
I was really comfortable in my bed i coudnt belive that someone interrupt my calm .
But , whatever , i wen .
To the door and open it , result that was my brother .
After that say hi and go with him inside , he told me that our mom was goon to a trip for a week and we have to take care of my little sister .
Whatever i decided to said yes and prepared myself to take care of her .
My brother go and he promised to return later with my sister .
I closedthe door whishing never have to opened again , then i went to the bathroom and took a relax shoower .
He took time to explain each movement and made me understanding the concept .
If I could give advices to new practisers of Pilates , it should be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a goog teacher .
Because school teachers never encourage me to participate .
If they told me to attend compulsory I will do without any hesitation .
While I were in ANDRAPRADESH every year we have Christmas function in December although we are not interested to attend Drama they were not leave us without participation even simple character .
They gave me a character like THE GOD .Firstly I never aware about how act and do this particular character .
And from October to till December we practise everyday after our study hour up to eleven " O"CLOCK.DAY BY DAY I learn and finally I did my role well .
Then I think myself why I wasted all my school days .
Personally I believe that those who are not participate any activity the teachers has them to encourage .Then only they also know how talented they are .
After some ages we can not attend any this type of activity because we all are become old .So let do and enjoy your young age be happier .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car , in the people who live in poor countries , most people take public transport , because people does n't have a car and is cheaper take public transport , the pollution of public transport is huge and is growing third world countries should have , eco friendly transport .
I did n't use to believe in that people would do everything for advantage , even betraying family and friends .
The real world would not like that .
However , these things have changed , All the things I have been owning , building , remaining are broken .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I could see the avidity under their eyes , as if they could n't wait to see me dead , they ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
I have always tried to convince them that I am not that bad some people said .
My mother knew my feeling and she wanted help me .
For me it was like to have a new member of the family and he lived with me .
There included many kind sports such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running .. etc .
It not just fighting these sport give people durability , speed and power .
These 2 sports improving human basic ability to reach as possible high capability .
I suggested to other people first to understand yourself such as what do you like , which is possible and than practice after every success
my first play badminton when I was 7 years old .
negatives ways for playing badminton : you right arm is more strong than you left arm , sometime , you are sprain your arm .
According to this form , we can know learning knowledges takes a part of time in one day .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high schools students , their sleeping time average in eight hours even more .
As for me , my daily schedule do n't have much options , just only study , sleep and others .
Others include in rest and exercise , but they do n't occupy lots of time .
The only common option is rest time , I also spend three to four hours .
First , I am to say that People 's lives change in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .
I think this , because the new technologies are created by people for improving our habits .
For other hand , People make other inventions for improving the world and reduce pollution , for example , In this time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very useful in future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle , We will change our clothes , thinking and other things , We will be more dependent and we need more things for our day to day .
Although I have been having terrible jet lugged since came back my country , It 's great to see my family and my friends .
I never say goodbye to everyone because I will come back England .
Michael is a teen guy that live with his parents .
He was worry because his sister always wake up very late , about midday .
Someone ring the door and he opened but there was anybody in the door so he closed the door again .
He listened a bit noise at the top of the stairs but he did nt go to look that noise .
Someone was calling the door while that someone was stealing in your house ...
By that , her sister is scared and woke up ...
I had practised a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football I felt that was my sport , this was freedom .
And just as I was becoming in a proffesional football player , my right knee injured .
Then I have been operated twice .
Because of injuries , I have now thinking on leaving football to dedicate me to other passion , the guitar .
This book is written by Jane Yolen .
go owling and he s been wonted to go owling for a long time and he finally got to go .
( have ) to have words to go owling but you haf't to have hope to see an owl .
I am have 24 years old and I live in Rena .
I like going to the cinema , get out with my friends ,
On September I am going to Madrid to studying the master of
I prefer living with my boyfriend .
They are very happy with me , because my marks is good .
This is one of my favourite actor because , when he is recording a film he assume his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .
This topic has controversial opinion these days , That everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university .
A good percentage of people think that everyone should take a year off between leaving school and start college .
This way help them to get rid of study stress , and to give time to their social life .
As return back to study may be difficult .
It is better to finish study first then go for work or having relaxation with travel .
In my opinion I Think it greatly depend on individual financial situation .
Transport is very important in our life , because we transport from place to other places .
the development technology and Industry very fast , so the public transport no future ,
Thank you very much Joe for think in me for to be your witnees , I feel very proud that you think in me for to be your witnees and of course I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
Joe we live far away since I work for the red cross , but I steel be the same person as I was at the school and I like the same things .
In other way , I never be a witness , what I have to do ?
, tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .
I enjoy my favorite sport because I like running , playing and go to the forest .
This sport is healthy and good for the body . you should starting this sport for you feel good .
for this is necessary drink water , eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
The town , Lahori , has been known for its practices to preserve nature . in our town , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper dispose of the waste . the village has built pits to dispose waste .
Link Remember that a car is to make your life easier to transfer and save as a way also to bring security because you go in your car and is less likely to get mugged or something .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
There are mobile phone which has a face to face communication ; the transportation driven by solar cell energy .
In addition , the advancement of transportation system which is developed day - by - day performs to the most convenient and the fastest as they can .
Even though the personal car was consumed more and more because of its convenient ; in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will perform public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
The number of people in the world is continually increased .
This makes the city be crowded .
Imagine if everyone has individual cars , may we walk on the top of the car to meet neighbour by the next door .
Therefore , public transportation is deemed significant in order to reduce density on the road , the traffic .
In the first paragraph , I 've written that the transportation development will never lose place for public transport .
Secondly , public transport improve itself to be more functional and help support people .
For example , comfortable seats , system support for the handicap or physical disability , time capture that help people to know the fix time when the bus come , as well as security support that help people to be more confident to travel .
Lastly , public transportation make you sure to arrive on time .
You do not worried about the traffic jam , or try to find the car park .
All taken into account , the public transport has a much more useful and convenient , both individuals and commercial .
Although the personal car is popular , the public transport is still be valuable for the country
In my opinion , weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break but allow us to enrich ourself .
Similarly , summer vacation give us more time to do meaningful things .
Only by constantly do conducting my daily routine can I learn more information and become stronge
In important meetings like UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of power countries raise the environmental problems as the most concerned problem in their internal policies .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to university taking part to reduce the carbon dioxide emission from my car .
Riding a bicycle also a kind of eco - friendly transportation .
Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that provide or made from the materials cause a greenhouse effect .
I do n't know how study English and for this reason is very difficult for me .
I believe that I can be a good helper for two reasons .
I had been worked in ABC restaurant until last year .
The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer , I think that play it is a good way to enjoy .
I have been to Italy on holiday 3 years ago .
one of my passions in this world is help people , any kind of people , old , disability , poor people and kids .
I think am a suitable person to care of children , because I like working with kids , is not the first time I work with children .
Peter studeded and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally his mother will see him after four year separate .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of environment to increase environmental awareness among people to encourage them to take care of their city , and how they can recycle some rubbish to beneficial objects to exploit it at home .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiative which target to clean up our village , and plant many trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . moreover , to attract tourists to visit us .consequences , jumping number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes several diseases .
In conclusion , we look forward to being our village free from pollution and keep our health and enjoy in pure air where our children will grow up .
To reach his goals , he trained a lot with one of his colleges and he gave no importance to the judgements that people have over him and his ambitious wishes of victory .
Although he was always thinking if it was a blessing or a lessons I be competing .
Either , he have an enemy that was trying to extinct his love to run and getting him out of the competence .
The enemy thinks that the passion to fund of Dan will demise , but she does n't count , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his road .
At the end , he continue running , thanks for this , he approached his goals .
first we uses Internet to discover the world 's news , from Internet we can check and read world 's most famous newspaper such as new York times , the sun and also electronic newspaper .
Internet also can be used to learn and to educate yourself , internet allow us to read books , magazines and short stories .
Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job , many people uses Internet to work , and they earning money every month .
Feeling the dramatism and realism of the best known event in Easter , played during nine years by the inhabitants , " The Pasión of Christ " .
Since I was young I like swimming and when I grew up I told my mum that I want to make competitions .
Also I remember my first competitions , I did n't win I was like the 4th but I was n't sad because I though that the next time I will do my best and probably I would win .
I went to swim like 4 hours a week and it was amazing because I improve a lot and right now I 'm one of the best .
Last year I won the national competition in my country and that make me feel so good , because it 's all I want .
If you want to take up swimming I will recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time you make exercise
In those days almost 80% of people have assured feel preocupation about their bodies and their alimentation , for this they convidenced me that they will try improve their habitual alimentation everyday and their will do sport more frequently .
As I the most people we start to do sport because we are stressed and needed go out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
One day I went to do running and since that moment I have not stopped .
Is necessary buy a well - equiped sneakers , to make sure do n't suffer a pain on our feet and the rest of body .
Here I come to express my thoughts about what have been happening during these past weeks at the reception of the building .
I am happy to say that I have only positive points to presente due to how wellcome I fell when I arrive at the reception .
In conclusion I 'd like to offer my aid if anything would be necessary .
For example , due to the wide spreading of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we all heard something relate to it , but do n't really know about details .
Therefore , I try to find out more information about " The Epic of Gilgamesh " in order to understand it completely .
If the government gives attention in improving the streets , decreases using cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people do n't worry about going out .
Last summer I worked with children aged 10 years old during a month and I had organised some activities on the beach such as football games and gym classes .
I like very much to cook and I think that there are some activities that we can do on the kitcken , like to cook cookies or make fresh bread .
For another think I can speak English very well , because I had studied English in university although I was Portuguese .
In the future , this tendency will be continuing more and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .
To be taken place of a general network like you found on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing at people , business and society .
Having used cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits it is a very good option for many of us , however the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation , therefore is where the public transportation should focus on since the long trips taking more than a simple commute in the city would require it .
Firstly , all people can buy a lot of type of some things in my city for example in the centre of the city we can be souvenirs because this town has got old monuments , theatre and churches .
Normally this food are made when people did in the past , although , the best street market is in the west of the city .
However you can read a book while you can eat and drink some things in the sofa of street .
Finally , people can know the biggest shopping center of Spain , the situation of this shopping center is in the national street 445 in west of the city .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos with a tv star , because they buy in this shopping center and you feel a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
The movie I decided to review for you is thriller called The destiny .
All it begin when daughter will come to visit her mother and her step father .
Even the scenery is not based on real story it will makes you think about accidents happening around you .
Sometimes I felt that the background songs do n't match with what was happening but after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it .
In toward to modernization of life and technology the people belief in different perspective about way of life , but majority of ones is totally utopic .
Actually , we have a lot of problem with traffic : lots of cars in the railway and it do n't running ; the number of cars in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a later destination .
In the biggest cities around the world the traffic nonstop and increase every day .
For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to use a green combuster and public transport .
If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
Last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other , she gave me a present and called me to keep it for her .
When we attend a school we often waste time on buses which we may intend to studying .
On the other hand , through the Internet learning on a long term we could feel bored or lonely , School gives opportunity of learning in group when students may help each other and resolve problems .
It not always work correctly .
He just do his job , play guitar and sing like a second voice .
On sepmtember 2014 , a note was realized and published in AC / DC 's webpage , the note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
The dementia is an illness that affect the brain , people 's memory were lost , Malcolm do n't remember who is the people surround him .
The video show us how dementia sufferers ' reaction to listing ACDC 's music .
Live you only have a life , today , perhaps tomorrow you lost all .
My advice to anyone starting basketball is to never giving up and always keep playing till the last minute .
Who care about us ?
Who try to make us happy ?
Our family is people who will love us , do n't look on situations and who we are .
I picked up the phone and composed the number of his girlfriend Lisa .
They had a car accident , and fortunately he had n't injury but his friend Sam was fainted .
He came with him to the hospital and at last it was a success story .
Although you do n't know how to swim , you would love it .
The last mistake that I have had to have been when I changed the telephone company because since I changed I have many troubles .
I have had to put a claim because the company did n't resolve .
After a month I did n't know when I will receive my telephone .
The company had to send me other telephone , this telephone turned out to faulty also .
My favourite sport is handball . I play it every day for 4 class .
You must n't play only but you must with team .
On starting I was really biring and I want stop played .
Byt when I understand how many happy give me this game I was starting more running and train .
This words did that I was starting more
If You 'd like to try play in Handball You must know that first time is always the worst .
This is my advice for everyone who like to play in every game .
before starting talking about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the most thing I love in my life , I respect them appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .
at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love too much , and also the rest of my family
If you have further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you will let me know as soon as possible .
Looking for any sport make you feel good and your brain be always refresh so that you can begin your day with any sport to making fresh and after that you can make any job with refreshment mind .
The benefits of any sport make your healthy good so we can do it just make exercise every morning to make your blood preasure run in all your body .
He is an athletic runner that has imposed a new global record , nobody believes in him not media either his own father in him .
When he was just about cursing the final line he got hurt and his mussels was dying and star to peel off a black matter , at that point the guys in suit thought that he wo n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running , they freeze the time and run after him , he stopped for a moment but then , he start running again and when he cross the line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped out from the matrix , he opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was on a wood wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again , besides that , he stands up and tried to walk again .
My favourite sport are basketball .
basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .
There was a island that each year in some moth come a hurricane this island is located in a equator then the people went to this island currently but they ca n't went when the hurricane is there because they can dead in the hurricane .
The island was flood but the island had a levee that prevent a flooding then in many year a engineers star constructing a building to had more money then in the city put many advertising in all thing : ball , balloon , movies , etc .
The engineers need help to construct the building , they call to the professional to saw what is wrong .
Then the professional say that the island has expose whit the ocean .
Then the engineers call to other sector to ensure the doubt of Atlantis then the professional say that other was correct .
Then the engineers say a forecast .
Them they drink a cafe that give them many energy to construct faster the building , this café has a combination for the people can to live all the night .
Then the tourist went to this building to find a jobs to get money .
Then the hurricane come and all the people was scared because they did n't know what he going to do .
But the engineer ignore this circumstance then a helicopter comes to safe the residents .
This helicopter had humid then the helicopter star to rotate in all the island then the helicopter go sinking in the water then the hurricane finished the engineers start to distribute the food and medicine .
Then the engineers discover that the eye of the hurricane was widespread of the island and that island it was hemisphere then in the city qualify to the people that work in this building .
When I started to study here in Australia . I have been found the difference of curriculum in my home country .
As an international learner , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic style significant for my future course .
The story is about five friends that begin investigate a drug traffic happening inside at school .
However , one friend disappears then the four friends decided to discover where is him .
I heard you will come to my country .
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to be achieved because of the limitation about information of scholarship .
Actually , I do n't give up and always looking for the opportunities .
Therefore , I do not try to erase my ambition .
Although the number of cars are increasing day by day , however most of the people traveled through the public transport .Their limited income restrict them to buy cars .
My advice to travel for Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economic is the public , most expensive transport can be the taxi , for example .
But you can been lucky because the summer is very near and the work increase .
I expected that day during long time , it was my wedding 's day .
I met with my boyfriend 5 years ago so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .
My boyfriend become in my husband .
Actually , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he love me so much .
I am looking forward to hear from you about how did you spend your summer .
Hi , My name is Gabriela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I have thirteen years old .
I will recommend Huang Ji Huang to celebrate our farewell dinner .
This is China - based chain that is recently opened .
This restaurant has many awards in China before it opened in Jakarta .
Besides that the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose private room to support our farewell dinner .
The waiters who worked here are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are capable make their customer satisfied with the service .
Huang ji huang specialized in the stew pots menu , which will take you to enjoy an authentic Chinese food .
You can order packages menu that Huang Ji Huang offered or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot but you must choose 3 until 5 ingredients .
Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can give your stew pot become tasteful , and one of them is Mala Sauce .
Every month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .
And I highly recommend you to make a reservation first if you decided to hold our dinner here , because this place is always crowded and we also need a private room .
I guess everychild want to investigate the world .
What kind of risks they can get if to do that .
Some people guess the nuclear power has a great value to produce power instead of the fossil fuels such as : coals and oil which are Not renewable energy .
The serious side of the nuclear power is the dangerous weapons that the countries try to own , threat the peace in the world .
Yesterday I was surfed the Internet and find on an amazing site www.bargainstime.com
There was so many trendy clothes in attractive prices .
He worked a lot , arrived late of his work and never has time to be with Ann .
There are a history that the man ca n't to see
The fastest option to go on holidays
By train you did n't will have always place for your luggage .
By plane you can give your luggage at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . you can be always sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
I think travel by boat is one of the baddest ways to travel when you are seasick .
You can eat small pieces of different dishes and to have dinner or lunch inexpensively .
The service is very organised and fast , although it might be in high season you would not have to wait a long time .
I enjoy play it , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this for me is really important .
The thing I like best in football is play it , but I also like watching it , intact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
For all the people I advise to start to play or watching football because for me it is a very good sport , but you can play a good football only if you really like it , because first football is fun .
As every year the twenty three of April , day of book , in my school all the student of fifth and sixth of primary do short story competition and the winner have a gift .
Always the director of my school , called Michael , is who organizes this event for that the children have fun writing his shorts stories .
But this year , Michael is organizes very evil because he does n't enough books for all children and a lot of they had n't gift , so Michel had closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think my town really take care of the environment , because there are a lot of parkｓ in this town and these are very clean .
However some people are not care of environment that mean some people throw garbage away in the park .
I think almost everyone loves parks because a lot of people go to the park and having lunch , picnic , excersise , nap etc .
I think after eat something at the park then clean themselves is good .
Even though do not everyone doing that , so how much public office is care of environment is important and this town is care of that a lot .
Every morning some peasons are coming park and cleaned that makes feel really thanksgratitude .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and roads are clean so I think many population are care of town as well .
There are many sports grounds for example tennis cort , football grounds and play equipment for child so I think my town takes care of environment that makes everyone will be able to best condition in both mind and body long time .
However someone have to take care of them .
The town have to do that and I think in England there are so many greens all around , so a lot of people take care of these that makes good environment .
After I have been to live in England with my family I have goton the feel very much indeed .
This movie is bases quote on quote on a " true story " buts obviously director michael bay know for the transformers franchise puts a lot of hollywood into this movie , its about a bodybuilder named daniel lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his properties , which obviously its not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventualy police get him .
To got to the Big Ben we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye a red bus .
After 3 days we went home .
Old and young are benefit from sports .
I like it very much . I practise it in the club .
Genarlly sports is growing our mind continously .
I practise it with my friends .
my parents always support me to play what like and
It make me lose weight easily without doing any effort .
Also , not all the school play in one time no every section have time to play in .
In school I always play with friends never played alone and always my friends and I wins .
do you know do I enjoy my sport I will tell you why because when you play you have fun and interested .
My advice for people who is starting this sport is to repeat playing until they get it .
He live with Chandler , opposite Monica and Rachel 's flat .
One of the main advantage of family is the recogniton you have been given in specific age , children required special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family .For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education , job and adapt to society .
Moreover , families take an essential part in protect their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflect on their perfotmance toward country .leading to effictive , creative and useful civilians .
so the did n't come outside in the day , and in a room it could not be more than a candle at a time , it had to be always dark in the house .
and the mother thinks she is lyeing but after a while she believe her and started searching for the intruders .
Well , my college has been provide an organization called Enactus .
I 'm a member on it and its goal that improve the positivity of our society by setting projects serves many people who really needs our help .
So , we actually done 8 projects since i came in and i had a good feeling through helping other people .
we interned 2 national Competitions in 2 years and won second place on one of our projects and gained 2 leagues on other ones .
we made our university proud plus helping people .
We need more of this organization cross the world and there is a lot of students ready for help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
Nowadays , Ways of live have being Changing in many aspects .
Does why , is easy to believe that if things continue with this rhythm and transforming everything , in a closer future of 50 years everything is gon na be completely knew and different .
In the past , people were used to live the instant without concerning about the future .
For that , everything were kind of similar and static for many years .
But then industrialization comes and with that , the technology , so ways of life 's started to change and everything start to go faster .
As I told you before because of the technology many things has become able in less time , and with the pass of the years this tend to increase .
For example , sharing knowledge and experiences allows that everybody can do or apply things and develops faster .
Also allows that researches can be share easily or for example you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as we 'll so you can react faster and make some changes .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
As a result we will be need to change fast , to try to fix what we broke and star to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
Least but no less , family perception , has being changed and for that time everything will be different because will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kinds .
So that , maybe would n't be young force worker in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money in their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
Then I returned to Kuwait , to set at home till I find work or may get a chance to continue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....
On the one hand society become increasingly fat and kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat clean .
He was worried that the bird charged him , so the man seeks refuge and goes in a cavern .
It 's the day after and Jonas has put up all night in the cavern and at cold .
At dawn the man goes out from the cavern and look at the sky to see if there was the bird of prey .
Jonas does n't see the bird and think that the predatory had gone away , during the night .
So he decides to get home .
He decided to take the penknife that he had in his bag , and he is successful in kill the bird of prey .
After two long day Jonas get home safe and sound and tell everything about his experience .
An in the process of owning we have moving so ahead that a day will be there when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
As our country is developing there will days were each and every individual will be self reliant and would definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commute from one distance to the other .
In 1999 they 're some college friends went to desert in their Holley , they have a camping to get a fun .
But in some day tow guise with quad bike and they saw some thing wrong they sad what 's that , they sow dead body , they skared and run to ther camp .
the investigation accuse them and investigate prison .
after two days poleas sow some boody in crime scene the poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .
they cache them .
the poles man whs sham feom the gues and he was apologize .
I apply to your University and I am still waiting for an answer .
Also , I am do not get an intitation to an interview yet .
I am sorry if I do not understood in your previous e - mails .
To be honest I take the finals exams like a challenge and it becomes exciting for me and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and the most of the times I have good grade .
How can we recover the pubilc transporte .
People are unpleasant because all of them have bad quality , so government ought to update new technology which protects the environment .
Now , the car price is very low 's cost so it very easy to buy a car .
This restaurant should be the best for our class .
in modern day there is very little public transpotr are used , ganeral public prefer much faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though the pulic transport are used in mager citys to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco friendly .
Some public transports as trains do not contaminate as cars or motorbikes .
Many people said that public transport is not confortable , that s true , from my point of view bus is not so unconfortable .
Many people like going by car , but it pollute a lot more than going by public transort.public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also contamiate less than these .
I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I have some busy or tight scheduled work , I have come across your advertisement For this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every aspect because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be pleased to know for your positive reply .
For instance , My town have a lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees and many types of animals or plants .
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules of the environment , then ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminate and pollution had reised inside my town .
Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed that some foreign enterprises or corporations could to take our own resources without demand that they be careful with environment .
Nevertheless , in the last decade some neighborhoods have taken conscience on their context .
In this way , we can to see inside them that their population have so much control and they know that affect them .
In my opinion this sport teaches to mature because in addition to set up the person physically , it instructs the mind .
I begin this sport for 2 years ago .
My brother was win so much fight and when i saw him proud i want to try that .
First , the majors offer numerous and diverse .
It has a lot of faculty members .
It gives the students the freedom to choose his major and the teachers .
In addition , it has a lot of facilities that serve students like kindergarten that takes care of children these employees , university housing , hospital the student of medicine can be application in it and it serves the people too , and a big library has many books in various languages .
In addition , the location of large college is clear and the center at the city , so that easily accessible .
In the end , large colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing friendships more from different nationalities , also it serves the community by graduating many students in various majors .
Once upon a time there was a boy his name is Michael .
Michael loves to play football all the time .
Someday he woke up early at the morning he go out for playing football before school , when he 's playing he saw something running very fast and go away .
He 's back home for getting ready for school when he 's try to forget what he saw , but he ca n't .
after school he did n't go to his home directly to check if what he saw at the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
Next day he woke up early too not to play football but to take a look if this stranger will come back this morning . and he saw it again .
he jump from his bed to the street and walk to his way to see what he did every morning.when he walk after the stranger man he notice that he stopped in every trash in the street to take a look and go to the next one , and guess what he saw Michael and run away also Michael was afraid .
We are looking forward to see your participation in the Organisation after six months .
I am quite interested with how the stars are going on .
A new substance , called CPH4 , bound to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which plenty bag was set into her stomach having an illegal clinical surgery .
But everything became out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked on her abdomen , the substance spilles through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of his capacity .
It is a gripping film , starring by Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in a quite good playing , that will you keep tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feel unpasible .
Pople are getting used to drive with their own car , it provides more confortability , and is more practical .
You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary make a long queues at metro or bus stations .
The government are opposing to invest in public infraestructures , because the benefits are lower every year .
They are preferring to invest in public roads and motorways .
With the public transport we protected the environment .
If we will travel by car have more pollutes that with public transport .
The girl is 18 years old and men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they have over 100 years .
He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all stores were closed so he had to found a solution .
A few hours , he was walking by a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he has ever seen , so he picked them up .
If you do n't want to pass this situation , you must always do things with time .
In my thougths , i have the opinion the public transport is better to the enviroment because going in the public transport reduce the CO2 emissions and take out traffic from the streets .
Reducing the rush hours in the main hours cause a CO2 reduction in the air .
People should take less fast food and do regular exercises for maintaining a hgealthy life .
At university level , availability of IT training , software and manuals provide an ever accessible source of information , that otherwise would not be at hand .
So it provides a lot of interesting information , one of which are about how works different machines what can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
One day i decide o buy news paper .
When i was arrived at home , i was started to read the news paper , so i found from there The International Student Magazine have to organize a short story competition , and I decide to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
Michael was told me he was knew about this contest and at that moment he want to call me to ask , if I am able to came with him at that contest .
After I decided to go with him at the contest , I was thinking to go at that contest next year to participate and win that contest , so this year I was wondering how is the program .
When we were arrived there , the emotions started to appear so definitely it was time to drink a hot coffee , before the contest is started .
I was wondering if Michael pass that exam .
After Michael was opened the door from the classroom , I was saw in his eyes something strange .
When we came back in our dressing room , " Golem " waited for us .
Now , " Golem " hold him hostage in their cave , which is hidden somewhere in Los Angeles . "
We took all we needed and started the searching for Niall ... We went in all caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't found them .
I could n't believe in my eyes , we found Niall .
Then , we got out of our car and save Niall , after we were fighting with " Golem " and came back home .
for example , if you go to another city by car , you may spent more than two days on the way .
On the contrary , airport just cost your two hours , and you can go to your destination .
The time spending of taking airport is lower than taking car .
To sum up , there are numerous benefits to use public transport , and it will not disappear .
In the other hand we must remarque how the plane sector has been grown , currently is the most common way of transport for going away and that 's also means than the shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let the plane market blomm .
According to the information donne , the most used is the car thus most of the families has one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectfully with the planet .
As we were talking , the new ecological movement is every time more powerful and charismatic , due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age , there are also linked to the new fashion way to be hipster .
In conclusion , we are assisting to a new tend in transport , every time , they are faster and more developer , with the latest technology included but at the oppossite case , we find also a contradiction , as we found an other trend for the tradictional transport which avoid the pollution in order to respect the Earth
I agree that communiting by car is easier and faster than most of the public transportation ; however , there are serious problems come after it ; the amount of vehicles on the roads keep increase and make congestion and pollution which are far more severe than the inconvenience causing by public transportation .
I am looking forward to see you
However the extensive use of mobiles create lot of problems .
To begin with now a days people are addicted to mobiles.for example young people wasting their valuable time in mobiles .
Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with an unknown person and can leads to several issues including crimes .
To sum up let people aware about the drawbacks of phones and use it wisely .
Public transport is generally is the transport system provided by government for the general people .
This facility helps the general people in saving their money because usually these transport are the less costly .
The first time when I ride on the horse I was 14 and since that time I enjoy it very much .
Moreover , the alcoholics should go to the doctor in order to getting well .
Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan 's movie which includes the participation of some Hollywood 's stars such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
on the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required station , because already public transport taking long path to go across more places and as more as peoples take benefits from it , and public transport usually crowed and do not be on time .
finally , in the near future most peoples will be using their own car , because it saves much time as comparing with public transport and time factor will be more expensive in the future .
However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to prepare my homework for tomorrow 's school .
My favourite day it is Saturday because I do not need work or study , so I can go out with my friends and on Sunday I can wake up very late
when i ran with the ball , i feel that i hold a goal or a valuable something and i should offer my best to put it in his place and make it in right way .
i know that i am not professional player and i am n't belong to any team but i like this game .basketball is so simple play but it is need Speed , concentration and The ability to determine the distances , it contains of two team of five player and each team try to get a high point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most in this game is that The fewest number of player can play it even two player , i recommend everyone to exert it especially with their friends or families ,
Firstly , I like to mentioned public transport 's types .
From my point of view , the main transport disadvantages , which caused our lives discomfort are time and place limitation , sharing the space with others , lack of free seat .
We should think of our better future and try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge pollution , which is by cars caused and do n't think only to our comfort .
At this point , someone invites sing to me , after school , he / she and I went to dinner and went to sing .
To the KTV , they touched to me because there are a lot of people had planned a birthday celebrate to me together .
After finish to the home , due to I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
The next day , I was reluctanted to rise and class .
Suddenly , I thought of my gift was gone in the class , the students said he / she did n't take , but I doubt them , so we quarrel .
I came home from school , only to found a gift on the sofa .
Ioffer an apology out of harm students , but fortunately he did n't got angry for me .
There are four steps to boil an egg and some tips to make it delicious .
Here you are the recipe : First , bring some materials like : a pan , water , one or more eggs , and sure a stove .
Second , pour the hot water and eggs into the pan .
In the future you 'll have to spend a lot of money for the university , the new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too but it 's not simple , actually .
Now I have about 100 and more in future , I hope that .
Sometimes , my family and my friends gives me book such gifts .
As this is my first time , I would like to find out how exactly does the system work , so I chose to write this random text rather than those serious topics available .
Maintaing cars are expensive .
In future cutting down public transport affects many of the people .
Elderly people wo nt able to drive always depends on public transport .
If public transport stop services people who are not able to drive will affect a lot .
As our population growing fast in a family both husband and wife working and children at university able to drive , so you are looking per house least 3 cars , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
In summary public transport is important for our community and people has to raise their concerns regarding this .
Stopping public transport not going to gain anything rather than impact will be unpredictable .
Michael just had realized that he did n't heard the alarm clock so he get in panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .
After the shower he bring his suit , but he had forgotten that he did n't do the iron last day , moreover he hasn't got any other ironed one so he did it quickly .
90% of the Americans wants to be a basketball star , with the dream of playing with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...
Furthermore , they give advice to those all novice on basketball " do n't ever lost the passion " if because they give up , they wo nt play with the biggest players of the wolrd .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnarie consist on what the people think about the king sport of United States of America .
I 've been start jogging for five years .
I think there are not negative side in doing jogging .
My mother make me start .
I fell relaxed staying alon near montains and snow .
I am like the people who serves there and the decoration is pretty .
If you go there , tell me what do you think .
I am sure you have a fun time .
public transport is very crowded so you may not have a seat .I hate public transport as I was attacked by mad man once .also taxi is not a good transport .I wish I have my own car soon to get rid of public transport . travelling with your car make it easier and better .
The advantages may include that it has a low price and may rescue you if your car is not work .
If you can have this service may you are the people that I am looking .
I appreciate it could arrange an appointment with you to meet your service .
I 'm a really sportive person I love to different sports I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that do exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
I think one of my favorites sports of all is the atletism I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be every day better than you where yesterday , it force you to improve every time , also is an exercise that help all your body , especially the legs because it gives them great strength , but also your hands because they have to be in a constant movement , and all the body in general because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and help you to have coordination .
I enjoy running a lot because it relax me , I let out all my worries and frustrations , so it makes me happy .
I recommended all the people who wants to run that if you do n't feel like you 're improving anyway keep going and whit the time you will see results .
Sidi has 24 years old and at least is Joni , who has only 15 years old .
One day , Michael got up late , and he had going to school at seven o'clock .
It was Six o'clock and he had hurry if he would not want to get to school late .
Michael was out all day , and Lionel has not anything for eating ....
One day I had a surprise , I have met a teacher and he invited me to tranee in a huge gym in a team .
Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to play my studuies in the High school , so the life changes anyway , I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I should need to study in that moment it was more important for me .
The hugest gab is in 1981 where is the cheapest price combined to the highest expanditure of cigarette packs in the whole interval .
Later both lines changed their regular trends so there are an huge imbalance again .
World is progressing rapidly , day by day there is a new ways of transportation , there is a new technology .
From the beginning of the world till now , human wants the fast income and the easy ways of live , so he tries more and more to find a solution for his problems by creating a new ways of liveing more easy and more convenient for him .
So that , transportation was one of the most important issues faced human , because it is related to the interaction between people like trading and many other purposes .
From this point every human have the ability to buy a car and also buy his rest he will not hesitate to do it .
But we do n't if this change would be good or bad , I hope that will be good but let 's talk about it .
I think it is probable that in some years the tecnology could have improve quite a lote , and this is a very powerful advantage for us , the young people .
Beacuse we were borned in ' the internet generation ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .
In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry about the future we just have to carry on in present and do it the better we can .
Hi Alex!h How are you ? I heard that you went out with Mike !
Anyway , I was guessing if you want to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio 's movie because I heard that action movies are your favourites .
It talks about a little girl who went adopted but she is 35 years old in reality .
Nowadays the public transport system are running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes.in early 1990 the public transport systems were most popular trans port system across the world because , most of the peoples had not their own vehicle . but in late 1990 most of the people were able to buy their own vehicle due to many financial institute which has various loan facilities .
today many people use their own vehicle for instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is easy and convenient way to travel to the job and any other personal work . therefore , it can be seen the demand for public transport getting low and lover .
In conclusion , it is true that the demand for the public going down rapidly as thy have their own vehicles .
Some people prefer play together but also there competition between players .
I think that this class discussion could n't true .
In the future people 's live had better .
Otherwise everybody wanted a future better .
Nowadays there are a lot of things that we doing the live easier .
I 'm looking forward so people will have more interesting by this case .
For instance , my family do n't think that will happened in the next 10 years .
Besides they said that in all the moment : ' Carpe diem ' .
she is working in primary school .
I love my family but everybody staying and living in different place or country .
I hope if I can living with him in the same place .
we spent a fun time in the beginning of our life when we were kids .
The expansion of public transport is one of the keys saving the planet , especially if the energy source used come from clean sources .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Researches show that the private cars are used most often carrying few person at a time , what makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances expelled to the environment each time that the engine is started .
But she is boyfriend live upstate and hasn't got a airport he 's of city because of that she was need choose by train .
She was just prepared a suitcase after that went to train station .
In my opinion I think that the increase of teenage crime is because their parents do not put limits to them , and how not pay attention , they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
Another good option is give them a difficult work for every day keep them busy , but I do n't know what kind of job can be , because a person who commit a crime is n't going to do something to help society like communitarian service .
What if it were my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened to my job .
The flowchat provides an overview of the steps of making bank notes , it shows that how bank notes are manufacted from designing to thing we can used .
According to the quality of sheets , it will be two results.if the quality is good or the bank notes is partially damaged which can be used , it would cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and disoatched.while those bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
My hieght is about5.2 , hair color is dark brown , eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and long shirt . I will be arrived at 20 past to 3 .
Near to the entry gate person say welcome to customers and answer their questions .
when you talk with someone have you ever thought in your words before you say it ?
you must think a little bit before you talk as one word causes a lot of pain for others for the rest they lives .you may not actually notice that but you will feel what am really mean if someone tells you a painful words .
it is clear that everyone is ought to make a mistake without even noticing .
Michael is a good boy and he always listen to his mother .on time Michael was very angry as he got a bad score in his test .when he was home his mother was cooking she asked him what is the wrong ?
he said bad words that he will regret saying these words .he went to his room .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
However , if I were you , I would do what I have always want .
And I know which matter you 've always been interested : music .
I remember when you told me once you was playing a violin for four hours .
I prefer travel in the car or motorbike , i am feeling security .
Compared car or bus , the car is the most expensive than bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
I prefer travel in the car .
once upon the time there was a little man called Michael , that man has a heart of a little child and the brave of big man .
one day Michael decided to make a surprise party to sinha to make her happy and feel his love more so he arranged everything and to keep it surprise to her he was busy all the time and did not show off all the week as usual .that make sinha worried and suspect that Michael do not love her any more and know another girl and she become extremely sad and even it become worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to make the surprise to her but he did not answer his phone after that .
when he come she start crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything she started to cry louder and accused him of cheating that make michael astonished how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him and he told her that he can not stand that anymore he would break up with her and he left .Michael close the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
There 's no discussion which is my favourite restaurant in town , The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class to take our last farewell there .
Our class has reformed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming we have always been welcoming about it , and not at least towards the new ones .
What I just told is what the restaurant Seaside means to me . Welcoming .
It all started in the Parson Institute in the class of art history students of the race of Fine Arts in the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , commissioned a task to his students , saying :
-To Begin with this course , I want to be sure they know the meaning of art , pro I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , with it you explain to me what it is art .
His excited students began coming to their homes with such work , since they had only 4 days to perform their duties .
A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , and out of the room , closed the door and Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .
this sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about to leave this sport . because in later time I hate a blood , so I think a lot of time to leave this sport . but it is dominated to me .
it 's makes me likes an animal when i 'm standing and get ready to fight i 'm convert into enemy.i'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tried to stop me .
so , i 'm rely thinking left this sport .
Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
I start to study another language when I was a child , I started learning English because every one said that English is the future language , when I finished my school time I tried to study French but it was so difficult for me .
I have to say that study another language give you more opportunities because on these days you need to now other language to look for a work and be more inteligent than your college to take the work and that 's great .
I think learning other language never have drawbacks because all you learn is good for you and your main , you never stop to now new things .
These days , most of the people feel comfortable to travel through car and then they believe that public transport is not going to be sustain for longer time .
However I do not agree with them because in most part of the world mass transport system is still popular and they are environment friendly and cost efficient .
Firstly , Public bus service is very popular in most part of the world .
Secondly , public transport are environmentally sound in comparison to private vehicle .
Public bus do not let more cars to contaminate environment .
In conclusion , although car is convenient to travel , it is not enough to finish the future of public transportation .
In the towns of the future , the care of the environment is one of the most important thing .
When I go out to the camp , if I lunch there , I take care of cleaning the ground .
I hope to live in the future in a clean town and I 'm sure that the most of the people are now thinking in this way . We need to care of our town because nobody like to place into a dump .
Military service is the military training which needs people have to join army or voluntary for a period of time .
In Korean , people should completed military service at least 2 years .
Similarly , people have to join it 1 year in Taiwan .
It is a debate that should everyone have to complete military service when they reach 18 years old .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and make people maturity , whilst opponents claim that the military service have effects on study and should have freedom of choice .
Firstly , every countries acquire stabilization must be protected by a stronger armed forces for national security .
Especially some small population of country have policy that is people need join military service due to develop into a powerful country .
Secondly , the important for people become maturity when they completed military service , which probably is a particular experience for 18 years old .
In addition to have hard physical training and get different special skills , people also can improve personal quality in military service .
Consequently , people could be more independent and strong , they seems to earlier become mature than other people who do not completed military service .
Military service mainly to improve physical , however study might be completed better in school at the age because it has professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
For instance , some countries allowed people join military service after their all courses was finished .
Additionally , critics argue that countries are able to allow people have freedom of choice for military service .
Relatively some people unwilling join military service , people volunteered in a military service possibly enjoy it .
In conclusion , it can be concluded that military service is necessary for national security and good for people improve themselves .
The best course of action would be government attempt to allow people volunteered in conscription when they completed their studies .
This city do n't have a lot of citizen but It 's a travel city .
In our city have a billboard to urge people to have attention to environment .
In the school set up a workshop to tell with students important environment to our live .
The citizen of the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city green - clean - beautiful " .
So they have aware to keep the city reach that .
So everyone bring the trash to the place permission .
I wish have a lot of people around the world see the important of environment .
And they have act to protect it .
I was in a museum of New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I hear the alarm of the museum everyone was afraid including me .
The police was chasing the bandit that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
I went to my apartment and turn on my TV and I watch in the news that the bandit escaped with 3 paintings .
I went to the museum and follow all the tracks that I found were a broken sculpture .
I follow the address and when I get there it appears to be an abandon house .
I decided to wait , and hide on the bushes if I see someone entering .
In the night I see a shadow entering the house .
I carefully approached the window of the house and I see two men with the paintings .
I follow them in a taxi .
I located the instantly because I recognize their hats .
They threaten all the people cruelly so all the sightseers were angry with them .
We entered on a train , the ceiling was comfortable but everyone was objecting of the two men .
I finally trap them their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker I tell the police and the police put them on jail .
And the paintings were on the museum again .
The watch shown the time is 9.30am and 2 hours left before he go to the place that made his heartbeat so fast .
He have an interview for getting the scholarship so that he can pursue his dream to study medical in Ireland .
He went to the station bus to ride on bus .
After the bus arrived he ride on and half an hour he arrived to the destination .
After waiting an hour the time comes and bravely with high confident level he walke to the office .
Suddenly his water floaded and tears drop from his eyes .
The interviewer who is sitting infront of him was a person with blue eyes that he really loves .
Peter without doubt hugged the intertiewer who is a man about 4o years old .
The man who is crying together with him was his father that have leave peter and his mom because they had divorce 6 years ago .
Then the interview became a meeting between father and a son that really touched .
Killed two birds with a stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation because he got his beloved father back and still can pursue his dream to studies in ireland.q
Hello ! I am begin to study technical English .
I want to this course , it helps me to enlarge my vocabulary .
Would you like to improve this course with me ?
Please , writes me a list with the words when I need for technical konversation .
The purpose of the chef is soup and creamed corn to start , beef medallion covered bittersweet of carrot sauce with nuts and the dessert chocolate cake with cheese .
The pack have a cost of $ 350 a person .
Can a TV programme get to entertain and educate at the same time ?
People complaint about how the information about different TV shows do n't contribute in the process of learning , that 's why many of This programmes are considered trash , because of the multiples shows such as realities , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that are appeared recently , this type of programs where the information is often gossip about personal life of famous singers and actors without taking into count if they are true or not .
Knowledge that sometimes are unknown even though it is part of the general culture or proper of the history of our country .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you going to from a specificlly place but in a bus you go to the bus stop and no to your house or school , work ...
It is better from the people be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , the drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government pay , this money bacame do to make more work for others .
No all is good some people haven't got money ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is the government give the money to the population to buy an electric car .
There is no future for public transport since everybody prefer to use their own car .
now time is valuable for every body nobody bothered about money .
I would ignore thriller films due to my fragile heart , but my mind is changed now after watching this film .
The film is entitled " Scary Movie " which is directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans .
This story was shown a murder who completed the mission : killed everyone that he hated .
At last , only one person could be alive even those sacrificed had tried to escape this horrible result .
I can not find a word to describe this film easily , what can I say is you will be regret if you miss this film .
This first reason is all actors shown their talent in this film directly and audience can follow their steps and the story certainly , this essential element which also makes a big success to the film .
Besides , the attractive story line makes a lot of climax so that everyone can finish this film from the beginning to the end and creates the billion box office to this film .
At last , your bravery can be improved after watching this film .
I 'm studiying medicine , this major is too challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there are a lot of information .
This major involves all , always we have to consider the all possibilities to resolve homework , you have to know the most possible information for can resolve it .
When you got the answer or solution you can see that all effort worthwhile .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teach us about work - team , so it 's common that one / two people do all work ... with this I want to say : is rewarding when our teacher ask something and you know the answer because you could study all topic .
I have experience to go to the hospital and was too interesting .
I deal with medicine students who are superior to me , for example , doctors and surgeon .
How learning English
You can study hard for years , but if you arent't obligated to use English for things of everyday , you wo n't became good at it .
Even there are lots of different possibilities and scholarship , not everydoby can allows they .
In addition , visit new countries and meet new cultures , helps to open your mind and to foster a lot .
I did several school trips in the past years and I 'm going to do it again sure .
I like travelling with my family and friends , I like travelling because I can meet new people , places and cultures .
He is in 5º. He is going to Clara Jackson High school .
I prefer playing football to basketball .
It provides energy for our bodies .
In addition , we will adjust company 's management direction in each department depend on market 's reaction and environment
And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily to avoid the price competition .
We will search the market demand based on our core products , also produce high quality products .
Therefore , we are reforming and doing high - tech items , likes LED , photoelectric , vacuum , steam mop , etc .
All governments increasing their politic laws about this topic and also they promoted new rules in the daily life of the population .
The town major has offered to population free bus .
I think , in conclusion , all people should have a good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also to catch more often the public transport .
Environmental changes really need in the current situation .
The report explains how my town people taking care of my surroundings and to preserve this planet in a betterway .
Firstly , hyrid cars only allowed to use during weekends as result of this most people not using there cars all the week .
This attitude reduced enromous amount of smoke pollution from the pipes .
Many factories follwing the regulations and not draining the harmful wastage in the water .
Secondly , Closed trash bins provided to the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
People come forward and utilising this bin effectively instead of throwing away .
As a result of this town looks clean compare to previous decades .
In addtion to that recyclable waste , sell and the money will be given to respective person .
Thirdly , Public toilets has been opened for the public to elminate attitude of urinating in the public places .
Town council not only encourage people to planting or garndening , it subsidise money for their green improvements .
Is summary , people taken many intiative steps and moving forward to have safe and attracticve eniroment surrondings .
people that they play in this categorie are fameous althoug you can see them on tv.if you want to be a big football player you must to practise more time and yoor life should to be healthy .
you must to care your food and yours habits for you have a healthy body .
If you want to start practicing this sport , you should be prepared to work hard .
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world!many of our class classmate really like you too!We know that you are going to teach Discovery - bay primary school .My English result is better once you taught me I really love you , Ms Cumings!your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you two both I hope you that you will come back some times !
As the graph indicates , the sales at ice - cream van was generally larger than that at indoor swimming poor .
For the ice - cream van , it saled most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reached 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .
In every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak at the third season , then it gradually slide back to the year 's bottom .
It usually saled most in Apr - Jun and Oct - Dec and slided to the bottom in Jul - Sep .
We are used to travel by car , in fact each family has one .
Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it likely will be as expensive that most people not be able to afford a car .
Finally goberments and society are concerned about the environment and I consider that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emitions .
The life divided to terms of time , we live through time , we grow with time
We must value time . I hope my country to be as a developed countries in using the best use of time .
once moment lost is lost for ever .
So should be careful about the importance of time .I hope to not waste it and use it as the best use for giving opportunity for rising .Those who waste it , will be behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
The great men and successful guys became fame and rose by a suitable use for time .They guide and source of inspiration for a new generation .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .
I ca n't say expect that time more important in our life and we need to save it .
In my town , we can see a big swimming pool , five parks , four bares and one state school .
in my town there are a lot of old people , and there are nor much children , because they love in other cities .
my best friend live in madrid , but We always were together in her house or in my house 's grandparents .
I miss you so much . how are your baby ?
I could go to madrid .
You and me can see us .
Next month , I going to go to our town .
You be able to go ?
Will is fantastic !
oh ! my brother , David , going to marry ! Sorprise !
I wish that you be able to go to the wedding .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed , factors of considerations including the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
Sencondly , equipments like skilled machinists as mental plates should be prepareed for the next steps .
Thirdly , print the sheets of bank notes(50 banks notes per sheet)with special ink , where colour is condidered on both sides and images will slightly raised on the bank notes .
Most importantly , manually inspected on each printed sheet in case that there would exist damaged sheets .
it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandrie city of Egypt and it talks about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they did n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn or love
I live in a small city , then there are few things that my town made for the environment : like the recycling , therefore we must know of what is made the material that we throw , and put them in the right dumpster .
We also can use appliance that not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electric systems or buy organic products .
In the big cities they have began to build green buildings , they use the electricial public transport not to pollute .
The most exciting day on my life was May 9th , last year , when I attend the secondary school .
I stayed on France with my friends and my teachers .
I catch the bus and I waved my mum .
Next we visited a famous aquarium where I looked a lot of fish .
On the evening we had dinner on a particular restaurant and my friends and I did many photo with a famous sight .
I was admiring the sea while my friends looked around the shop .
The days after we were in a parfurms and I bought a present for my mum .
At a nice day , my old brother surprise me .
It is a first time for me to play with a cat .
It is a nice experience .
I called it LOZAH because its color like an almond .
It likes my laptop and it play with the Cursor .
The nice sleeping of it is when it watching anime .
when the children went out it became sad .
When we need to punish it we spreed some drops of water at its face .
I hope it to be a good cat and a good experience for me .
I have to look forward at two little boys : seven and nine years old .
I have been the baby sitter of these children for all that summer and I enjoyed so much with them .
They lived in a big house with a lovely swimming pool where we can swim and play .
At the end of the summer , I have kept on seeing these boys to help them during the school year .
This experience helped me a lot because I become much more responsible not only with these boys but also with my brothers and sister ( I had two brothers and one sister)and I have learned the meaning to work and receive money .
I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I known them since they were newborn .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .
That really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman whom my mother tried all her best to feed me up and help me complete my studies .
All the members of my family never give me up , and I finished my college studies , too .I have a good job now .
I do really thank my mother and all the members for paying the patient and exertion to me .Now we have great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we get not so easy .
First of all let me to introduce my town I live in Kabul city the capital of Afghanistan .
Based on the Necessity people and government in this town together effectually takes care to the environment .
Municipality of the mentioned town is collect the garbage Form Street and roads and shipped to the
Fortunately Kabul structured by Mountains and have mountainous climate , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect for the Kabul city environment and producing Fresh air for the citizens of the mentioned town
Public transport are busy now a days .
More people are using it and it getting rush .
It creating lot of troubles by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .
I suggest you to do sports because it makes us healthy .
I am interested in work with you .
I studied in an English school and learning English since I was a child , my teachers were all natives and I practised my English with them always .
I have worked in the holiday English school this year and I have learned a lot of with this experience .
I have organized activities like : sports , visit to city , festivals , etc .
I love be with them , they help me to do my work , they teach me to be better person , I have more patient now and I know now to be happy .
The cooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat very good and I practise several kinds of foods .
Someone likes go hiking , others likes dancing , still others like playing
play it with someone , whatever just for fun or for the game , my body will feel so hot in thirty minutes .
Then , it can play indoor , also , it can play under the sun .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you , expect good for health , it also can make a lot
If someone answer me what the best sport is , I will say :
My favourite sport is badminton because I used to practise it when I was a child and I loved it .
It seems to me a complete sport because you can practise it in pairs or in an individual way .
You have to be able to play for a long time , analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have measure about your energy for no to be exhausted before the match is over .
Because if you are trying to win you will lose the most important thing , to discover how wonderful to play a sport could be .
now days young people are influence towards the western culture so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .
After one month my instructor told me that I will go to the competition .
The day of the competition and I came with others to show how I 'd practiced .
Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami.when I left I had a special feeling many people look and clapping .
When I went to karate I 'm not even sick .
Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , optimism and strengthen the immune system .
There were athletes who are European champions and I picked up all my courage and I did my exercises very well , except for a fall from the beam .
After the competition I was relaxed and happy , because I have done my job .
Eventually I placed 7th both beam and floor , and after we took the photos I go back to the changing room .
The little girls thanked me , then I go to eat with my team and the day after we went back to Italy .
An easy recipe are cookies .
I am writing with regard to find accounting services for my company .
I know that you have experience to search the best employees and you have quality .
I need that my employees are punctual and that they have responsibility in their job because we are talking about the money of the company .
Buying cars and scooters are more convenient than the last decade .
People now buying cars and scooters as per their convenience and pocket .
Earlier people used to buses , taxes , autos for reaching offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
So the public transports importance is reducing every day .
If it so their will a time when single people will not interested for public transport .
Ratio of road accidents has been increased in few decades .
People not even care about safety parameters while driving on road .
It will be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and as well for the countries because we will save a lot of money
I think that family 's members could n't be friends because the relation is very different .
Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think that statement should say that the the public transport is going to have in the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .
Otherwise the public transport do n't pollute but the car pollute so for us travelling by car is better than travellng by public transport but for the atmosphere is better travelling by public transport than travelling by car
There is a stereo system on the bench and scareted around the room there are a lot of puppets
I am not a native speaker of English but I wish that I will be one day .
what makes me like learning new languages is how it makes me communicate with others easily , I also like traveling so much as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions however , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend it on what I like .
my dreams when I grow up that I travel alot around the world , marry a romantic funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
Years ago I was very worried how will happening in the future .
But , in this moment the people think different , is to start to help the world and
Now , the people is more conscious and they know how dangerous is for the planet .
Also , TV , radio , internet , big companies has adverisement for helping the planet .
Moreover , schools since kindergarten is educating for clean the planet , simply like separate the garbage .
Obesity and other thins about help , is a topic very important because the people is dying for this problem .
For example , the form to prepare the food , is gon na be dangerous because a lot food have artificial thing that is no good for us .
Maybe , in 2060 we will be able to go to the moon very easy , like go to Europe .
Also , the cars will fly , and maybe is better for the city .
In conclusion I think that we on track for the next years .
Compared with the past the people is more conscious and is worries for the world .
As a result for that we going to have a better life , more healty and clean for the next years .
I hope to continue in this way because is our future , is our life and we have to care it for have good and happy life in the next years .
And this importance of private transport because private transportation provide a comfortable mean to move from one place to another , also it is help to keep a time and reduce costs which spending in public transportation .
firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing stranger people a way and by using this kind of transport also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting a time in waiting a specific time to move or even waste a time in waiting a public transportation to reach all point it should get it , but in the other side when you have your own transport or a private transport is get a right to choose time of trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays we can not waste our time in taking public transport .
finally , a public transport need more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , train ) fees every year is increasing , and this problem we do not face it by private transport ,
To begin with , Li Ren edition of the dream of the red chamber have 120 units .
The Yakimeshi , the sushi and all the dished was like a taste of the real Japan .
The tables have a grill where the chef makes his magic .
That makes anybody feels a new level of pleasure , in the same process that everybody repeat everyday , eat .
With talking her for a few minutes , I become too happy .
In fact I fall in love with her at first sight .
there was no other option for me i just want her . during the exam time , i was thinking whole time how to communicate with her .
When the examination is over , again I started to talk with her , asking how was your exam .
She told me not good at all , but my was good and she also added that you may got the chance and finally I got it .
After three days later our result has been published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
Then I become too much unhappy .
I expected if both of us get the chance then it will be very good .
When I was returning from syleth I called the girl and talk to her and assure that I got chance in university but girl says that she knew it .
Well , the weddings in my country usually is celebrate in a church .
The fiancee wear a long white dress and the fiance wear a black suit .
I think that 's all , I hope that it will helpful .
I very tall ( 1,71 m ) my face is normal , I have brown eyes , and black hair , my nose and mouth are normal .
Now , It is holidays and we need or we want to meet the places around the country .
Well I explain in this article about one museum that is considerate : " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarquia Spanish .
The Museum is stay in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
You should knew about the prize for coming to the museum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if you want to stay more time the prize increase in $ 10.00 .
The museum is the most interesting place in my country because describe our history about our country .
Finally you enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other city or other country .
Football is an important sport that unite nations .
It bring unity among country .
People from diffenrent culture are playing in this same club .
mine was shuttle and am really enjoyed it when I was playing .
it is one of the exercise for the body who will want to become thin .
when am in the court other side participants are fear take off my service ball and am very at my position to cover the entire court .
the court contains 2 players or 4 players depends on the court .
each team contains 1 or 2 players .
and court contains one net in between those players .
they can shut the cock above from the net .
Due to this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to start behind others , thus , many kindergartens started to teach children English .
he went through the park where children playing around .
everything seems so fine , and nothing is wrong anyway .
he love music so much that he turn down other courses just concentrating in music .
professor say that Michael is gifted and talented .
At first , he just pretend as nothing happened .
he thinks that he did the right thing then went back home .
Then they are always crying and yelling like wild goats .
When I 'm listening this , I want to commit hara - kiri .
why do use public transport some of us use it to save money for not buying gas or they ca n't buy a car or if they had problems in their cars or they do n't have the mood to drive .
I do n't have really an opinion I just do n't know.we will wait and find out .
In my opinion it 's have to be like brushing teeth .
That what was happened with me personally .
But I never before have work our Jogging .
So for finish competition with pleasure I needed work out plan witch is diary day by day about our jogging distance , time , mood during work out .
First of all it is absolutely minimum , you just need boots for run !
I enjoyed my favourite sport because I feel better after Jogging I think better and I meet lovely great people because of running .
I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
But you will love the movie and you will want to see others one so go and watch that movie .
Cricket is a sport that have two teams of eleven playeres each ..
Playing the cricket will also gives physical exercise to our body.we can bowl , batt , field in the cricket which requires lot of physical activities .
Playing the cricket will gives relaxation and reduces stress .
This sport is an invidual sport , then you win alone and do n't win a team , but if you play tournaments in double the one who wins is the team .
But i know that a lot of joung people play tennis , i hope that the italian tennis player in a few years will be very famous all over the world , then you do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis mister , who will introduce the tennis and you will the shots , including the forehand , the backhand , the smash and the service .
He went to the garage , and rode on his motorbike .
Though the road was wet and slippy , he rode his motorbike fast and skilfully , getting his way through the other cars and trucks .
It is great when you are in a cup and goes very far in the tournament .
When you playing a cup you playing really much football and you are also very much with your friends .
When you go far in a cup you got to play a lot of games .
If you starting this sport you need to think it 's funny to play it .
If you do n't think it is a funny sport you would not go it .
You should not play the sport just because you 're friends doing that , do it because you like to play .
As well I graduated a Climbing course and I practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
I worked for few diffrent companies and asocations in past .
My best leisure time would be hang out with my freinds .
l like the cool breeze from the oacen while i 'm walk along on the shore and listening to my favorite music .
Hi Alex I could n't wait until I see you
However if we not too tired at the time we could go out .
I will really like if my parents could take me to your house on Friday evening but I think that we have a party that night .
I have been living in New York city ! !
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had changes mi city .
I think that public transport is the future because many countries will have to allow the entrance in their towns to private cars for stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
So I do not agree with this afirmation , in mi opinion travelll by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than public transport .
Maybe he is sorry she thought , but why if she is perfect , she is everything that a man could want , so what happen .
-Oh , amm- He gets a little bit of blush in his face- I … amm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face gets totally red .
He seems different , she never imagined that Jason can be like that , she fantasy with someone , brave and strong , and she never foresees something like this , but she feel something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again but more serious and with his normal face - Is cause , well is my first kiss ok ! , I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snake and everything that you can imagine .
But this thinks of l … lo … love , can put me very nervous- the blush comes again .
- jajaja- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it is my first kiss too , and I like it- she smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
Elizabeth apparent to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convince , because when he kiss her , he does n't feel nothing , he does n't feel that gravity disappear , and when his face turn red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like if she was very sorry about kissing him .
-Why do we are here ? - Margarita says .
When they enter in the dressmaker market , Lucresia was n't there .
-This dresses are made of textile fiber almost everything here is synthetic and portable for everyone - explain Snow .
- Wow , everything is beautiful , its make me feel like I am suspended in a dream of fairytale .
- Do you want to use one ?
-Yes , just wait in a fraction of second you are ready .
When I was running , I feel relax on it .
Moreover , when I was running , I can through a lot of thing about myself or how to solve some of the problem from daily .
In the past , cars are only affordable for the upper level while for the middle class and lower there are not many choice for them beside walk and public transportation .
The first one is to preserve time .
As we know public transportation has not a direct way to fulfill our all destinations then it force us to stop in many stations first , moreover we should take the other one to reach our destination so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Secondly , public transportation usually very crowded and make us not feel safe since there is an opportunity for us to be theft .
For these reasons , it can not be doubted if people think a car is more comfortable to be used rather than public transportation .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one that make the number of car growing rapidly but they do not think further about the negative side effects that a car has .
Firstly , it leading us to global warming since the concentration of pollution are higher in many countries , moreover actually it is not only leading but also make global warming faster and also can threat our health .
Then roads are more crowded right now and there are so many traffics so people wasted longer time in the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car is gone and the importance of public transportation is needed .
While in the statement is written that public transportation will be left by many people , in my opinion is the opposite that public transportation is our future .
It can be proved by now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher , beside it is not as costly as using a car , the quality of public transportation are improved so citizen have no worry using it .
There is n't any animal on the farm .
That is hardly surprising , it is close since 2005 .
Thought , but most people do not be the member of the team of alive .
And I do n't know if they were change their mind in after the next fifty years .
But you need , understand the main idea .
In other words , some professor when teaches different topics they explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
Sometimes it 's so difficult say the same words for the students . I recommend read different ideas .
In conclusion , it 's very important to learn the concept than saying something stupid ....
I have one sister who are ten years old and one brother who are five years old .
One of the best place I ever visited is Leksand in Dalarna .
Three words that describe me is : Sporty , friendly and happy .
One of my favourite books are Diary of a Wimpy Kid .
My favourite subjects at school is mathematics , geography , and of course English .
In the first problem you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .
And the solution for the second problem is that you have to do maintenaits ouans a year .
I am exicited about the idea to be with and interview other students from different parts of the world .
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics were in the first quarter of the year 500 and increased to 620 in the second quarter , in the third quarter sales maintained in 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 , as you can see sales were very unstables .
I just want to express about what I think painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of parting and seeing your closest person have departed is the most painful feelings ever .
The life in university have a lot of difficult and interesting things .
When I live in university , my life has become change a lot of .
In addition , my major is English so teachers will teach and explain by English , which I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first time .
I was very inconfident about myself and i ca n't make friends well so I think that it 's too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
I always try to find out reasons which take a lot of time .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking , they help me to catch up on my teacher ' s lesson .
Secondly , studying in university , I have to live far from house which make me be homesick , sad , and worried I have to live in dormitory with many strange friends , they 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes , I must take a lot of time to finish everything before I star learning .
The first time living here , i used to called my family and complained about here 's life .
However , life 's university have many conveniences .
Sometimes , I broke up nearly and I was really worried so I have to pay money suitably .
Because my family always prepared everything for me when I lived with them so it 's very difficult to be independent .
In addition , I can be confident because teachers require everybody in class have to stand in front of class and speak English .
Studying new lessons from society .
During I go jogging I can think about all the daily thing in my life .
At one day I go alone for me , so I can calm down or think through .
You have to notice that and go tomorrow jogging .
It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer of her office for coming back home .
Suddenly Agatha sees , behind the windows , a 30 years ' man , he 's tall and wears 19th century clothes ; he is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
He was gone in Agatha 's investigation office for asking her to look into some murders happened recently .
After the agreement , Agatha come back home and in first place she call her friend Michael for telling him to go to her .
Convoyed by Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents found .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficents trials for understanding the guilty .
Irritated , John knows the Agatha 's difficulties and before to go away , he calls Agatha without Michael for telling her another important thing .
We had taken lunch , so we started a little walk .
Volleyball is a discipline which I practise for 6 years .
This museum save the historical collection of the spanish royal family a lot of centuries ago to actual time .
The public transport is slow and have got much people .
I prefer walk , because the bus , helicomter , metro is very polluting .
He was trying to switch it on again and again but the machine did n't work .
Suddenly , a man in black told us if we were putting the machine into the electricity .
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " you can also do so " , today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for the birthday of children , as well as Sofia please tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
While I was ringing the bell the neighbourh 's dog stared to bark .
I stayed in front ofthe door during forty minutes and I rang again and again .
I had called Michael that morning and I told him that I will go to his house that evening .
I would suppose that he was waiting for me .
I look through the Windows and I could see a suspicion shadow .
I thought he might be Michael and I became shout his name .
there are many sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I had liked it when i was young .
Because I do n't know how to use it .
And now , if a day I do n't have any practising , I will feel bored .
As you know , practising in the sports give us many benefits , you can take part in a club and have more friends .
Moreover , if you have a good ability you can attend in a competition to try your best . I am a member of Badminton club in the city , if you 're interested in badminton , let 's come and enjoy yourself .
Everyone wear that he wants .
My nightmare journey was taking place in August of two thousand and eleven year .
I and my family were backing for the holiday that we spending at the seaside .
We were saw the stadium , backed to car and wanted to drove to Bydgoszcz .
Sadly our car was crushed ... in big and busy intersection !
This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and motor , but electronics in car stopped worked .
We were n't have speedometer , blinkers and lights , it was very dangerous situation .
We were stopped on the side and looked for solution .
We must took risk and went to nearest market .
In parking in front of this building very nice and crazy old man was helped us and charged acumulator in our car .
This was worked and we could backed to drove .
We were very scared because car could crushed again at any moment .
Fortunetly we were backed to home healthy and happy but very very tired .
To pursue a career which is relevant to Mechanical field and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and would love to take challenges and be yearning for the sense of accomplishment .
Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where people can buy some natural vegetables or fruit which had been grown up by local farmers .
-Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spent too much if you do n't need it .
If you look like a foreign people , local people can try to rip you off .
my town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment , they provide us by good buses which are friends to the environment and offer the tickets for this buses in a cheap price , they also trying to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by the recycling , also the people tries all the time to find the best way for keep our village clean;they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens , also they take care of the fuel in their cars to not to be bad for the environment , so , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment beside the government .
Secondly , loneliness would be a big problem when a person who leave their own country getting away from family members and close friends .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which held by the students from the same nationality so that they may not feel lonely .At the same time they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australia culture in order to suit quickly .
I 'm studying teach at college so I want to be a teacher .
When I finished my studies I will stay a long hours with children .
My best skills are dealing with people as well as I am able do two things at the same time .
I think about some ideas to help you to organize some sports or evening activities .
For instance we could swimming on the beach , we could .
In addition we could play outdoor games and they may do paints about the landscape .
whether you had more questions about me I 'd be glad to answer .
If you have me a chance I will be very glad .
Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I will appreciate a lot to send me this information .
Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and rest batsman and bowler .
Test cricket is old format and I love this format as it really tests the players skills and only best player can get success in this format .
But as this takes 5 days many people do n't have time to watch this game and its loosing its popularity in young generation .
Its popularity spreads all over world too .
There are many reasons behind it to be popular .
The people who eager to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :
3.During his playing time , he sought to give his full concentration .
It may difficult for you .
we think it 's Improtant meal manners .
When your feel is really Pusillanimous .
Because , When I was young , My parents Feeded it for me every summer Seasons .
I think that for people who want learning English Write and Improve it is great !
There is no doubt that the man 's lives are evolved .
To my mind our lives has been improved in these years by smarphone , satnav , digital TV , Internet ..
Let 's suppose a teenager of twenty - first century during the Middle ages .. do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
First of all in the next 50 years the people 's life do n't resamble at all this .
As far as I 'm concerned we would be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft , in addition the globalization will lose cultural traditions of each country .
On the one hand I 'm for development on the other hand I would that the innovations will not destroy the old .
Often the evolution is return of origins however I hope that the man in the next years will be to do n't forget the past .
Apart from that I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that took me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robot instead of the weiters in a restaurant .
I can not agree with the statment of " no future for public transport " provided that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
That 's because pollution has now reached critical levels and that 's why we must take it under control and solve it .
We already know that a great part of the pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of the transports that invade cities worldwide .
In addition , what about domestic wastes , which are our reality ? We should all learn to manage our wastes , because each of us , in our own small , is a great damage for the environment .
In conclusion , I think it is never too late for saving our wonderful world .
Well , in my hometown there is about a little more than half a million people .
When you have skill to read a book and in that moment you are searching for good job you can find a lot jobs because you can develop easy when you compare with another person that they have been searched job to
My favourite restaurant is situated in Modugno .
It 's placed in a quiet street , so the restaurant is often very relaxing , especially between 8 and 9 pm .
The restaurant appears very elegant and traditional .
Despite this , the resaturant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hanged up to the walls .
she finally felt that she is wanted that she could do anything she wants , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
The thoughts which people put in her mind was absolutely wrong she ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , reached her to the point that made her hate herself .
The words they said to her was a killing ones , they colored her life in black , till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do like them all as she just hated the way .
That was me , I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't the big deal to me , I hated is being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that , I knew that I 'm clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks but they 're all did n't get that , they judged me for my marks but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks is n't the only way that makes you great now and then in the future .
whatever , In high school the senior year here in our country identify your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working by its knowledge , so I get that i should do all my best this year so my future could be better . and it happened I showed them all that I can do whatever I want even if the things I was n't like as they see me , and that all my previous marks was n't my best . I got high score and entered The faculty of Engineering which was the top college .
your thoughts are the only ones that will make the differences , so take care of them only and believe in yourself so you could reach the prestige you 're looking for .
I would like to play with the children , to practise sport and we can dance with them .
I love cook .
I hope that we could work together .
I promise that if I go to camps , we would have a good time and we laugh a lot of .
In our earth , Hunderds of millions prople living in here .
Except us , There are also a large number of wildlife .
However , we forget the one importent thing , The earth is belong to all life .
Our flat and house make theaother animals lost they are home , and it is lead to environmental deteriation .
We take the thransport easy , hewever , we take away other animal 's life in careless .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM , BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SHULARSSHIP A STUDY MEDICINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED FOR 7 YEARS .
MY PARENTS AND MY ARE FELLING PROUD FOR HIM .
I 'm living in Taiwan , Taichung .
How is the area to take care of the environment ?
It build a lot of facilities for residents .
People probably destroy those bikes , and cause bikes become less and less .
Taichung have plenty of tree at the park .
I really would enjoy doing this job in the summer because I love to look after children , learn things to them and sport with them .
I also would like to do this because I have always been wanting to visit the United States and I love to sport .
I can work really hard if its needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am the suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and look after children .
It 's a quite strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and greatgrandfather had been to travel time .
After he knew the truth , he moves to London for his job .
After the married , He and his family face a difficult situation .
Just enjoy your day by day , and thanksful an ordinary day .
I 'm sure , you would be like this movie .
This school located in Marin , where is in north Spain near Pontevedra .
And it has been established in 1943.Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine crop .
In engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which is help us to easy to understand about subject such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
And the are a lot of equipment for the navy cadets .
For example , the planetarium in a navigate room for learnt about the position of star , four small boats use for practiced the leadership and navigation in Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for maked the situations which are seldom happen .
To sum up , The Spanish military academy have a lot of equipment for teaching the future officers .
There give me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in the future career .
A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer use your own car to go to the work , school , and whatever .
Some people have your own car , but prefer use public transport .
I know a good restaurant .its name " moon light " it is locatedin Abbas elakad st .
it introduces many kinds of delicious foods like meat , cheeken , sea foods and if you want anything different you will find it there .it is suitable for my class because it is difference from any other restaurant
One of the most kown building is the Churruca Earl Palace , who has a medieval tower with the battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city does not have ir because the Muslims took them out ) .
As well is important because during de Civil War , the General Franco was living there for a week .
But it exists a variety of techniques which helps to tackle with this kind of problems .
The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of pun a stylistic figure and how puns transfer from one language into another .
In extension of this , I will evaluate whether the effect of the pun in the original version is maintained in the dubbing version .
Every morning special track to clean the roads and walk way .
My brother went to the NBA league and see the match the Arenas vs Orlando And now I go to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends .
The car is a transport more comfortable than the public transport but is not sustainable , its cost is higuer and if all people move by car , The cities will be very pollutes .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because this transport usually has its own lane , while if you use the car , you takes more because there are a lot traffic in your lane .
Other transport that can be very used in the future is the bike , this transport is cheap and ecological , also , more and more the cities are building a lot bike lane so is a good alternative .
People do n't need to wait for public transport if they were driving their own cars .
I looking forward to hearing from you soon .
I play this sport since I was child , and today I still love it .
The dream of every person that play this sport , as well as a hobby , is to make it a profession , but very few people did it .
Nowadays I play football twice a week , Monday and Friday , because for me it is remained one hobby .
Trust me , I 'll be right .
I am glad to tell you that i am able on February 16th at 10:00am . I will appriciate if you could reserve a parking space for me .
If any tourist decide to visit the Pyramids , he / she shall enjoy riding Camel , horses or buggy .
Also having some pictures will be a great idea .
The pyramids are famous because of the way they are built , it was a great job by the Egyptians .
First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen parents , for example they are doing homework , going to sleep in regular hours and back home after school .
This is a time , when parents could create behaviour of their children , because when they grow up , they are beginning rebel and do things which are good in their opinion .
Secondly , for behaviour of older children like teenagers have an impact other factors , it are not only their parents but other people , whose surrond them .
It is a time when children must choose , which people are good or bad , which way they will go to difficult situation for example they will be drink alcohol or they will have fun without any suplements .
When they choose bad , they could began stopped do things which were important for them in previous period in their life .
In summary , I would like to point out that the most impact for young people have their own , because life is a time when people only choosing .
Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decision must undertake their children .
The exiting Great Wall remains mainly built in the 15th century of Ming Great Wall with a total length of 8851.8 kilometres .
The next day , on Tuesday was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates it was so much easier .
What heavy was that teachers have already given us all homework for the week .
So every day I kept awake .
My dad told me do your best and if this semester going well for me , my dad will give me a tablet because I really need it .
Every second , every day , every week , every year , the life goes on and the human discovers a new thing .
The scientists try to make people 's life easier but that 's harmful for people 's health because that make people do n't move and more fat .
Michael went into the teacher office , but he found that his teacher is n't here , maybe teacher went to the bathroom , suddenly , the door is opened by teacher , a teacher who wore bikini came into sight , this incident came as quite a surprise to Michael , she flirted with Michael , Michael felt excited but run out of the office , but he had regret for his action , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I had been worked at local cinema last summer .
I would like to tell you this experinece and how I enjoy working in there .
As you know , my hobby is go to movie so you can image that how happy I am when I got this job .
I responsible for selling the moive ticket and have a good time .
I would like to get this job and I think I would be suitable for it .
I own all needed traits for this job : knowledge in cuisin , politeness and diligence of work .
When , he saw into the water , he found a little ill frog .
Then he saw a woman started to jump over the enclosure !
Peter thought that he must do something quickly to avoid her from committing suicide .
At last , the life of the woman was saved by the police and the police thanked Peter for confirming them .
The skills he make are wonderful , he know everything about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with the back !
This book made me interesting and I begging reading more and more while I read the more I love it this time everything did not matter to me I want to finish the book as soon as possible I do not know the end but I want the end of the book was amazing but the same time I do not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
that was the reason I do not finish the book
Today we can try to imagine how our lives can change in the next 50 years , if it will be better or worse .
In my opinion everyone 's life will have a great improvement , from the economic point of view but also from the social and cultural one .
It is known that in the future will come the day in which any kind of unrenewable resource will finish .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , as the eletricity given by the light of the sun rays .
Or in addition , we can use the energy given by the environment , as the wind or the inorgainc rest .
To sum up , I think that we have to expect a great future in which men will regain possession of his whole capability and thanks to it he will change everyone 's lives in best .
Today I was at the university to learn new things .
Pedro is a good friend , he loves to read books and he is working with your mother .
I have 6 people in my house .
I grow up in Machachi .
I 'd like giving you some advice about how to start playing sport .
In my opinion , it 's useful to play football .
You do n't need to care about time tables .
But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons to cause the earth warming and air pollution .
Car companies try to spread electric cars but it seemed to take a long time .
And some people have already switched to use public transport like trains or buses .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel long journey with trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them are totally different from the one from cars .
The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was closed in a museum from Conecticut where she is visited by a preist who blesses her twice a month .
Unfortunatelly , in a horribble night the couple"s house was invided by a satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
Everyone is terryfied and find out that a demon is attached by the doll .
The aim of this report is to highlight how the citizens care of the environment , in order to give suggestions to keep this area clean .
In the matter of that , information concerning what people do , or could do , are going to be shown .
If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , had followed these ideas , this city would have been surely cleaner .
Unfortunately , deeper problems are linked to the difficulty that all the inhabitants respect those principles .
Some thought that volunteers should involve careless people in many project to keep their city attractive and marvelous .
It is proven that to be a part of a project always make people feel useful .
The government can to improve the public transport making a great investmenting like changing the old vehicles for new and increase the number the bus , trains and build more bus station and trains station this kind the action will help a lot the quality of the public transport for population and will become the life of the people more easy .
However if this situation not change and if our government not take providence about this important subject will be the end of the transport public and will more convenient to use car .
I am writing this letter because we have to improve the gym of the school .
The gym has many problems that we are gouing to explain :
For the first problem in my opinion , the school have to buy some others aparatus because there are not enough for all of the students
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which issued by the WATC " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have the cooperation with the Environment and Development the magazine which issued by Center for development work " Maan " , annd other web sites and news and media organizations .
the world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused the global warning which been the most important global problem it does n't mind to more than three quarters of the world population .
Currently we have got more than six different types of banks in our streets but as far as I know it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because nowadays we do produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we do only learn this education in our home in our childhood , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagers in the world about it so I really do help the environments as far as I can .
Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it
Nowadays , I see everywhere bins and even a small kid of 3 years being teached to put unwanted materials in the bin .
It is truly an amazing experience and how much progress my small village has had done in 2 years of time .
In spite of throwing dirt in a bin we also making some harm to environment unknowingly .
Then , I suppose that in every country will be used much more renewable energies instead nuclear energies for reassure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric car for decrease the atmospheric pollution .
The people 's live will change even by policy and the economy .
I think that public transport has a future , indeed travel in car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
But there 's a thing , no one have enough money to buy a car or maybe two ; that 's why there 's a lot of people who prefer the public transport .
Perhaps in a future public transport it can be more comfortable for the rest of the people who does n't have a car .
This is some adventeges such us it is more comfortable and fast .
On the other hand , private transport are damaging for planet because we must take care of the planet . we can help to prevent the contamination of the enviroment , if we take travel public transport which do n't pollute .
At the moment , there are more one car to person , it is a problem for me because people do n't take cure envarioment .
in conclusion using public transport produce less damage to the environment and most people prefer .
He participates in many interesting movies and operas .
I think he deserved to be famous , because he is a very talented person .
Now he has opened his owned company .
One of his interesting film about musician , which was popular for 1980 - 2000 years .
The immense possibilities of life give us opportunity to explore life but some times it lead to threat and dangers to our life .
It just not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses cars etc .
But we still sold it not bought it .
Number of countries give attention and provide secure life to their citizens .but our country still under insurance .
To aware people by run awareness campaign .
It give competition to national companies .By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders.people can always buy nominal premium we should aware them about the types of insurance as well as benefits of the insurancce .
I love soccer because when I was child my brothers were taking with them to the club and I enjoy it when I watch them .
Moreover , soccer help human body to be very healthy because when someone play soccer his organisms become strong .
I would like to say for anyone wants playing soccer to be very careful when he plays it because it may cause a lot of injures , but in the same time it is very nice game .
Recently I read four great books about Shoah , they were very interesting , my favourite was : " The Book Thief",I read it for school , but I have already saw the film of this book .
The reason he told me to go Balla is Noman will feel alone there as Badhon and her mother is not going .
I was in a bit hesitation latter decide to go .
Actually I do n't have enough courage to say no to my father .
We have been told earlier that Abul kaka has got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from office nonetheless the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .
It shut down at the road for several times while we were on the way .
Because I was so sure Abul kaka and Noman will prefer Aricha highway rather than the Singair road .
As I was a kid I fall asleep sometimes .
noman engaged the front seat .
When the car stopped to take oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go the very back benches of the jeep .
I thought I should n't come as because those benches were disgraceful for me .
I feel like I 'm depriving by my family .
I found it very painful when my parents do it to me .
It gives the impression that only going and coming in a big car is the main purpose of the tour .
In this season I kike to see the sun shine .
When he talks he has done many mistakes because of his over talking habit .
I fall asleep as soon as we crossed jhitka bazar in addition when I wake up we had crossed Tora bridge .
When we talked to our seniors I think I should control myself though they talked unreal things .
For example , if you are in a hurry and want to catch the place you are heading to , you can drive as fast as possible .
You would n't suffer anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bus most of the time like : no room for you to sit , bad smell people can make , or get bothering or bushing .
But , on the other hand , because of recently traffic has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear air produced has become the public transport better to save earth .
In all over the world people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .
I went there and sang .
Krav maga teaches how to control ourselves in hard situations .
I think it 's the most exciting holiday I 've ever spent and my favourite too .
It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema to my class and see in a film what I have studied during the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writer .
Seeing the film we have had the possibility to watch the characteristics of the main characters of Boccaccio and the different places where the stories took place .
The registers of the film said that they want to create a film without time , and they were able to create this .
The scenes of film , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I suggest this film to all of my friends .
When it comes to change , we can think of what way of our lives is still inconvenient that it can probably change .
Most of the labours will probably have been represented by machinery , the people who is lack of academic might be very hard to get a job , the knowledge might be demand if the people live in the future .
The relationship among the countries is also significant , as we can see discord is among the countries , hoping that it will not draw the war .
television entertains as well as it will educate the people .
Televison not only provide entertainment it will give lots of information about the happenings around the globe .
When Michael wake up that morning he feels , a strange smell in the air , he do not know what is the origin of that strange smell but , in his noose , he receive a kind of sign something bad happened .
Very quickly he went of and try to put of his head of that sensation , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?
He star watch the kids there running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple of yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
With a great effort sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The diabetes is the increasing of the glucosa in the blood , The have two types , first the Diabetes Type 1 that is predent in childrens , pacient needs insuline every day , also this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insuline realized by the person 's immuny siste .
The Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults people , the insuline is generated but this not work in the body , so the amounts glucose is storage in the body .
My view is that public transport is good because it has prevent pollution which is good for the public .
May people can think travelling by car is more comfortable for them .
if planned to travel by public transport people will walk to bus station and get down from the bus and walk for necessary thing .
If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message would a great favour to me .
I wrote to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the World ,
If you want to start this sport , find a friend that can teach you the basic movements and how to pass and shot
than the practice makes the rest .
I have the best friend when I was a student at high school .
The first year of the university , I showed my love to him .
I did n't call , send message and met him .
From September 11 to September 14 , I did nothing besides watching TV , taking care of my little sister Ellie and chat with my friends .
On the rest of the boring week , I solved a 1000 pieces puzzles .
After the examns finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week I haven't watch them due to the exam week .
From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired of the exam so I was all day laying on the sofa doing nothing apart of watching the TV and chat with my friends .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV and suddenly my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to solve my Paris puzzles with my sister , which was less than a half solved for about one year but it had too much color in the sky so I did n't finished then a year ago .
We began to solve it again and took us the whole week to finish it .
While solving the puzzle , I decided to count how much pieces was left , after counting them I realized that five pieces were missing .
After arriving to the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to drive bicycle for one hour .
I was hoping that my father can teach me to drive the car but was not possibly because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me drive .
The best thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris puzzles and went to Amador with my family and have a good time with them .
My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was child are different .
Vesuvium - this is the vulcano 's name ! - covered it with a lot of cinder so that walls , houses , food , clothes , corps of citizens has been preserved as well they were .
People who lives there almost know the convenient public transport called MRT , it 's fast , cheaper and does n't have to find the parking lot .
But , if you live in the country , car may be essential , because it 's will spend so much money to buy the tickets if their family have many people .
If any problems faced , i 'm went to my parents and say the problem , there are solve the problem .
There are my role model.some times we were go to the tour programs , it 's very happy moments .
Mom make the special foods in festivals .
Steve Ramsay work in the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and live in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
After that Steve become an America captain to protect the world again .
Besides to be an excellent exercise , is also the more comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God in each step in the morning .
I woke up 5H00 o'clock in the morning ,
I consider this is the best time to do sport , taking into account that the pollution is down at that time .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lounges perceive and respire all the smell that flowers , land , the First , I walk slowly and then I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end walking 5 turns in the park .
What I really enjoy it is to lie in the grass .
Doing so , I begin my routine day , come back home , begin to do my breakfast , followed by the lunch , because I have to get to work at 9H00 o'clock .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each one , that doing it each morning improvement our health and move away all the bad of our body .
First , the graph showed an upward trend to ice cream van , and in 2014,it has the largest percentage of sales nearly 5500 dollars in Jul - Sep .
No matter what year , its lowest level always in Jan - Mar .
We can be seen from the diagram , the highest peak in the has increased year by year , as the low as .
Second , for indoor swimming pool , it generally appear wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible to fall sharply .
But I think that the future is the public transport , we need preserve nature , this is an imperative for our world , then the solution have to take the point that the governments do more invest in public transport , so the people do n't need to get a car for being able to have a job and do n't need it for normal development of their lives .
As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .
Maybe this sound a bit crazy , but whatever solution will be good , we only must make our minds up for able to look across .
The sun shines bright , snow has melted in the March .
Birds returned from warm countries .
In the March we set forward our watch an hour ago .
We convert our watches an hour ago in October .
It 's pleased some people because they will be able to sleep an hour more .
As soon as I pass all exams I will travel .
I did n't decide as yet where I will spend the summer .
It became a big problem now .
Well , I 've played martial arts .
I would suppose I would have to say , in Japan Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
I have to start saying that I never imagine swimming like my favorite sport , because until my back 's injury , I practiced other sports , I most like extreme sports like downhill , skateboarding martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but for my injury I have to start swimming and now I love it .
The think because I enjoy these sport is I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I red it is the most completely sport because you work the whole body .
If you want to start swimming I think you should looking for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you must need it , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not on practice and know your swim style is not the best I recommend you a professional assistance .
More time that you do n't have that assistance is going to be more difficult improve your style and enjoy swimming more because if you really know how to swim are going to have more resistance in the water .
I think , that may the reason she had the Sleep Paralysis last night .
Even she was not able to lift single finger tip as if she was turned into a stone statue .
She reproached me for not awaking her up despite she had been calling me so eagerly .
Often they explains and describe the scene in detail like a cup on table , friends who watching TV beside them , room light and so on .
- feel drowning down when they are about falling in sleep(so they know it will happen )
I am on third year at the university , I do n't know what will be the master than I go to make , but I want a master relationed with programming .
I have many difficulties in programming but I think that if I work hard I can to win my difficulties .
On last days I and my group made some experiences for our project .
The next week we go to prepare some material for to resolve this problems .
I want to make a review about my book about Nigeria and read another book about robbots and their mechanism .
I go to try read this books for to evoluate my english , because in the future I intend to make the first certificate .
This is very important for me because when I went for a company I will need a certificate ! ! !
How are you ? I have receive you letter in this moment .
In the first place , I think that you must look to internet . you would see diferents city of country and you can choose the best .
Barcelona is big and there are a lot of indutries so there a lot of jobs .
On the other hand , people is friendly as you know , because you know some spanish person .
It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to come back at its country .
I 'm so glad you come to my country . I 'll give you some suggestions , hoping that you can have a wonderful summer vacation !
It not only offers high salary but also the employee there is kind .
You must can gain a great experience .
When it comes to travelling , you can never miss night markets .
Moreover , once you have a bite on sausage , you must fall in love with it .
Hope you can have a good time .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he has to do something immediatele .
It was half past seven and her class begun fifteen minutes ago .
He already knew that he was late but he could not go now , so he decided to cheat her mother .
She was very angry and she could not believe that her son did that .
After that Peter did not hang out for three months , so he can learn the lesson , You must not lie or cheat to your mother .
I think that the public transport always going to be so important in our life because not all the people have the possibility to buy a car because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for that reason the public transport in the future could be exist , because public transport is a necesity in all the world not only for the money but too for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport
The section was big and it had a lot of information in a scientific manner , some section had complete information part while other had not .
How be a good debaters .
The result depend : security , volume in the voice , body posture and public .
The main idea is keep the body , take the mind .
An Important deal , is never quit .
Peter has just got out by school and he realized that he 's overdue for his weekly guitar lesson .
But before the lesson , he has to lunch with his family and leading the dog from the veterinary for his annual vaccine .
Peter gets a fast lunch in ten minutes , other two minutes for finding the bike and putting the dog on the basket ; at the office of the veterinary three people wait , so Peter is forced to wait .
After an hour the dog is vaccined and taken at home , but her mother needs a milk bottle .
Unfortunately Anne , her sister , has just taken the bike , so he 's forced to walk until the nearest supermarket .
Peter 's mother needs a special kind of milk without lactose , and the market behind home does n't have it .
So Peter had to make a choice : going at the lesson or waiting his father for getting to take the milk with the car ?
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter has a bit of luck , infact his father Jack has just came back from the work , so he could get to take the milk and giving him a passage .
With a little delay , but Peter did it !
sometimes , I feels so stupid because I really ca n't speak in front of the public .
I love bwrite but I not confidance with my grammar .
I do many mistake in every story I already right down . the wrong tense I used .
because I love used this word .
As the population grows , you will an increasing problem .
They have pollution .
Sport is the activity that help the people at have an optimal physical .
i advice at all people that want start sport of they do begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
work in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about busines , management , economics , sales , engineering , tecnical support and other skills .
you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
hope you are fine , kindly be know that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
Military service is people who is forced by the government be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
There are many countries which should be complete the military service when people who reach 18 such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
As this topic , the one of the reason of everyone should not have to complete the military service because the freedom of choice .
Some people may think it seem to be a human rights that let the people to choose if they want to join the military .
So some counties would not force the people to join military .
If people join the military service when they just 18 , it may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who work in the military may request to the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
People should not be complaining about anything even if they seem to be right .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience especially to the young people ; they will be likely to become a more independent person .
To conclude with both sides , there are reasons to effect by people should or should not have to complete military service .
However ; the effects may different which is base on how length of the duration .
The museum and the art gallery located in the capital city .
They have some paintings of Leonardo da Vinci which is really impress me .
My favourite part is listened to a guide introduce to panting art .
I ca n't wait to back home and tell you more about the trip .
In my country you can do a lot of efforts to take care of the environment , but the bad culture in our people is a great problem .
That is because we do n't demonstrate interest in the problems of others .
The people put their rubbish in bags and threw it away near their houses .
If everyone 's demonstrate a better culture , it is possible to improve our environment .
This fact allows young people do exercise and enjoy at the same time .
Do team sports also help to meet other people and make new friends .
My main reason for love it is how you feel when play a match and finally your team win .
Also , I known great friends who play basketball .
Every sport focus on some parts of the body , however basketball is the most complete sport .
It is true that basketball require a lot of physical activity , but a good mental attitude is very important .
If it happen , you will continue doing the best as you can .
To reach this , I recommend do exercise three times a week and follow a healthy diet .
However .. here you are completely different made of life lessons , preferring to make a stiff upper lip .. cowering in your own reality .
Education does n't lie on current affairs or related concepts .
Television helps us to find the fields that interests us , like music , sports , movies or nature .
TV were and are seen as entertainment channels , but have you ever questioned if they are more then just entertainment ?
Now that would be an interesting question , we can watch anything from news to cat fish the TV show , in the name of entertainment are actually learning .
TV stimulates at two learning style which is visual and auditory .
Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn , other may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning . i.e we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert air on TV .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross other wise for example , I have be able to learn that new BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .
1966 - 1967 the huge change takes place .
Every music express other feelings .
Than the music hanged to multi media .
In my opinion riding at high - speed on the long straight can be cause overheating the cars engines and the can blow up .
The rugged kerbs can cause the suspension crack .
The falling leaves can be block driver 's view and block up the radiators .
I think cutting trees which around the circuit and undercutting kerbs can be reduce danger and technical problem on the track and we have to reduce long straights .
Addiction to authoritative nature over other makes a huge production of war weapons convert the blessing nature of science into critics .
Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it has not without criticism in different views .
Very often , it has criticized to change indigenous cultures into so - called luxurious development , contradictory to religious faith .
In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners sent the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , is immediately put a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
Three times a week garbage trucks pass to empty them , and once a week a garbage collector passes to clean up the streets .
Travelling by using any transport has become in one of our needs , in the past people used to take hours waiting for the public transport , now , we can afford any of those modern car at the agency .
the main problem is the bad service , for example , the drivers are not careful enough to drive , that might be unsafe for the users .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children do physical activity that is the first step to do exercise , then to compete sports will make competitior to make an extra effort .
Young children try to effort , and wants to win at this age , and if they train results were better and encourages to keep training .
In psychic way , if you are adapated forms relations and create new friends .
In the future , adults that was able to obtain more achievements and make it more responsible , and you can have a good social life , if you competes doing sports .
Finally , I think that to compete in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when is controlated there are some benefits that help you to whole you life .
For upcoming enhancement , I would like to inform you that there was no longer the public transportation services since travel by car more convenient .
Even though the shops is not large , there are remarkable goods , for example , nice running shoes or valuable books .
All in all , the shops have a variety of goods , which can attract many tourists .
If you have a small kid , you will visit toy shops , which offer many cars and helicopters .
To sum up , I suppose our town offers many interesting shops .
Moreover , the goods is quite cheap .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and along the time has became part of American culture .
When the one side is printed , raising the images slightly to make opposite to be colored .
If the sheet is good or partialy damaged , it can be packed and delivered by veichals after cutted in to separate notes .
Otherwise , the sheets and notes would be abandoned and destroyed in the fire .
The issue of weather there is no future for public transport is a topic that has cased an on going argument . in my topic i intent to discuss to contravening view piont in more depth .
Hi my name is Chai , i 'm from Thailand , I try to write an article to improve my writing skill and hope this program can help me .
My favorite way to travel is the Plane because I like to be fast and in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion the plane is the best for me for example when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quick , you do n't need to take time and The plane is the best travelling in the world that the best safer than other way , you can see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happen by the plane so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to travel is safe and sound and safe journey .
Now let 's go back to those days when young people still watch television for entertainment .
Also there was a lot of different channel that we chose .
Those channel always content a lot of new technology .
But I wo n't opine that these are the only channels that can provide knowledge .
But of course there will be some channel that is not suitable for child under 18 or just for adult .
All kinds of programs have something that you can think about just depend on how you look at it .
Yes of course but only when you look at it as a way you wanna learn something .
I think that a complete sport is to swim for most of the people .
I really enjoy because give me a lot of relax and it help me to be tonic and satisfied myself .
I advice peolpe to start this sport , because is completely and make you mind with the body feel very good .
When I was fourteen years old , I win the championchip because in that period I swam as agonistic atlet .
It had been a really satisfation and I had been happy .
Nowadays I 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thanks them .
Your muscles begin more efficient and tonic and you have a lot of benefits for the body .
The aim of the report is to write how are town take care of the environment .
I do a research and this are findings .
Now some scientists have suggest to having warnings on some types of food and drink .
But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consume noxious foodstuff ?
On the one hand I ca n't imagine that a little scine on the food people entrap to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to do activities that help the environment .
Nowadays , people is wasting water instead of saving it .
One basic solution for this point is try to not take a shower for so much time but taking it with a bucket and a few minutes .
Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to take our part in this global problem .
There be Long and the writer ...
But one them had dead a little while ago and he was who protected the crown .
Paxton goes to the house de Williams Agers y find the crown in the hill .
An day in the morning Paxton waited to Long y the writer , but he listened that called him suddenly he goes for the beach and is killed for the shadow
Governments around the world have talking a lot about the measures should be taken to improve public transport quality .
No doubts travelling by car is pretty much better than go by public bus .
Everyday work stressed me and by the end of my shift I get so tired .
The program I start at school was very tough for me , because my slow English writing .
I will start with old transport , if we did n't make any maintenance this type will be damaged and lose it .
In the future , every person will use his car and no need for public transport.this type of transport have a path and just take you for specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
Of course he does not think twice and go for print his curriculum because the interview was that day , then he took a shower and dress for the occasion .
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just took his mobile , keys and money but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting of his curriculum .
There are soccer lessons .I have joined the lesson .
But we will break our legs .
In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but probably I spent more time with my friends than family . I know if I need something my family is always there .
Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me , I do n't know how she managed but she hurts me .
You need to discovered who is your best friends . Lifelong you will learn who is who .
grown up with me and now she is my sister too .
It 's over a high hill with difficult slopes to arrive because the most important property is it impregnable .
In the reconquest age the stronghold never downfall with a direct assault , finally the Castellan 's army after a large siege force to the government surrender it .
Actually the castle has been restored and has a historic museum , also have a great hotel with four stars for tourists .
First of all , boat moves across the sea and the sea is very beautiful .
For instance , when we move on the sea , we can see many types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fishes .
All in all , travel in the sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safety .
Have you ever practised rafting?Do you know how amazing is to do this cool sport?If you do n't know nothing about it , it 's high time to do it !
I had n't never heard about doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , told me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .
Therefore , we went to join in a sports centre which take over organising this stunning outdoor activity .
Rafting get you burn all your adrenaline whereas you try to get down over the river in a mini - boat .
In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , even though , being sunburnst .
Do not hesitate taking up rafting !
When I was child I used to live in Tijuana .
When I had 4 years I went to live to Ensenada because my father worked there .
I used to live in assistent house it was my first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I changed to an aparment with two friends .
All weekends I used going to Ensenada for visiting my family , my boyfriend and my fiends .
For summit , came to live to Tijuana was a really challenged for me .
I do not regret what I did because I do what I like .
Now I am so independent and I learned how to live alone .
We 're friends since we start to talk , but our friendship has change over the time .
When we were 12 we played in the garden with the balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years everything changes we do n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
Because of age changing we did n't see us , but in the moment that we grew up more , we met us the weekends and sometimes we 're upset about some problems that we had .
With the time we are more friends .
Now , we discuss sometimes but we love us because he always stay together in the good moments to take a coffee or talk about our lives , but he also stay in the bad moments , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
In our opinion globalization is a good thing that happen to us , allow us to interact with all the world , so we can meet the cultures , monuments , etc .
It bring us a lot of opportunities to change and in some cases to get a better life in other countries like find a job with the highest salary .
Although we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in the third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person live with less than a dollar per day .
it was very beautiful , because I can see much films free and I meet all the young people of my country .
In the morning I walk around the cinema and the most important place of my country and I talk about the films that the people can watch .
they do more questions and I very funny for this .
I could n't buy the tickets of the film 's cinema but I could do more discount all my friends !
They pay me a lot of money and I can buy a lot of dress , jeans , shoes , book and make - up .
I see the new film of Disney " Inside out " and I eat much pop corn !
I cry a lot for this film but it 's very important for me because I love disney 's film .
First at all , this is a report that will explain how the village of Vancouver is handle their rubbish material .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called go green Vancouver that it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at the same time there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provided a 3 containers for each house one for papers one for bottles y the last one for rubbish materials .
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programmes from the goverment like if they cut the spends of every house by 50 % city halls get more money from the central government .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element to speak English , if you know grammar you only know certain rules to write , but I think that speaking is most important than writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but here is another topic , whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .
It helps me healthy .
I can seen much scenery in short times . I can buy goods along the road .
Buy a good bike is the first when you start to ride .
It can Avoid catch cold .
This sport is about you catch the ball and score .
It does n't difficult and you can start to play .
Basketball is recognize to people in the world .
If we want to have a good life , we must make good communication in our families
This year I decided to star visiting pool and swim up to three times a week .
Now , when I swim at the open pool , I am overfilled by positive emotions .
Nowadays the obtion of broaden the ming traveling is very commun .
Besides you see new world and thirs form of lives and that helps to open you mind , see the world in other way .
many countries are truly started to concern no environment and worried about the globe warming , In schools teachers are doing their best to educate children how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy , also they train them how to plant trees in public gardens of their towns ,
Although government strict so many laws and taxes in the people how do not pay their taxes to the council for cleaning of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world people started to use bicycles and cycling instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city , also they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
Once we stop using Public transport , it is going to causes problems .
For example , if we completely relaying to use cars it is going to increase the gasoline uses .
Apparently it is going to make more pollution more global warming issue .
How ever , using cars makes the life easier but when everyone or every house they will own at least three cars it is too much .
public transport it is really important and it has a lot of advantages for helping humanity .
In spite of the cost of these facilities it is going be expensive but it is necessary .
I hope to see it around the world , public trans port something we can not avoid or replace with another thing .
Recommend to friends what country we have to go .
There are a lot of food all over the world .
but I think Italian restaurant is getting famous .
I have been to Italy when I was 20 .
It brings many fashionable people .
if you are person who love fashion you will enjoy going there .
To sum up , this trip was the best experience we have in our lives , because we make friends , visit a new country and we have a lot of fun .
I love horses and I 'm practising horse riding at Djursholms ridklubb .
I 'm taking care of a horse called Lady .
On the scene moves very well and know how to take pleasure to the public .
I am feeling wonderful and my promise is that when going to have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .
Yesterday I watch fast to furious at the cinema .
During watching the film , I imagine if I am be the fiance of Adam .
You must watch it too , because your favorite actor also in this film .
He is in secondary actor , but I really sure you will have imagine as liar as me too .
The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " movie starting kevin heart and will Ferrell .
This is movie is based on racial humor .
Kevin heart is in a difficult situation because his nothing at all what this man expect him to be but he plays the role anyway .
I am very excited to see kevin heart and will Ferrell characters come together .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited to see the movie and even if you 're not the movie is a must see .
I am not used to cook to this number of people but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be in a great help for you this summer .
I checked connection between Warsaw and Berlin and she might be at 11.10 at Berlin Ostbf station .
Simple , the new generation decided do take your driving licence and I saw this around me , my colleagues , my friends , my family .
It 's just a question of time when everybody will have a car .
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
Every year the price of public transport turn it up .
I am part of the new generation where in future use car and the public transport are disappear .
Varese has many attractions between which the lake , where I like to stay .
My favourite place in the town is Estensi gardens , where I go to walk with my friends during the afternoon .
He is proud , it 's not a good way .
On Saturday they fighted and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays , many accident happened when they were driving their car .
They are going to travel around all over the world by plane .
From this point view , the decreasing of business should cause by other factors , but not skateboarded users .
However , there are many reasons can cause the business dropping .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza which could not attract customers walk into , and have to renovate .
Furthermore , the produce sales in the stores that could n't fit customers ' need .
Those problems appeal that there are not sufficient securities in Central Plaza .
Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immediately is the skateboarded users take over pedestrian walking space .
To solve this problem , the city should set up more space and facilities for skateboarding , and divide the different space for walking and skateboarding .
when my sisters are married they have one or tow children at most .I think the Egyption family became simller with the passage of time
Firstly , cocaine damage your senses and your mind , if you consume cocaine , you wo n't sleep this day .
Secondly , it 's so addictive , because the body need more and more , so if you consumed cocaine , you would leave because you 'll an addict .
Finally , the consecuense of cocaine are the dead , if you sniff all the time cocaine or a lot , you die early .
ultimately public transport would be negligible in future .
there are so many reasons that could be affected to public transport system .
for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .
Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because if not we would have legal problems .
We really enjoy it !
We enjoyed to swim in the sea , had a sunbathe , had a barbacue and saw sunset .
For next time we invite you to our woodhouse .
The line which represent the indoor swimming pool remain fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500,the period of every year from April to June and October to December own the highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sale is downwards overall .
The best season to sale the ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst season for indoor swimming pool .
One day many years ago in something place that a do n't remember the name I woke up one morning more earlier than usual then I went to the kitchen and shout the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagine is that they come to the town , quickly I went out to find they ...
But there was no one , absolutely no one , I 'm scary , I yell and scream , look and look but I had no result
Recently when I was in youtube I saw a movie trailer , the film appeared so good and days later my friends told me if I wanted to go them to the cinema , so I decided to go and luckily they had decided to see the film that days before I had seen .
The film is a romantic movie , It is talking about one man , Noa , who lives in a small shore town when he felt in love with a rich girl , but like always the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not enough good for their daughter .
And at the end of the summer the girl went out but next year she comes again , but this time she has boyfriend and this break Noa 's heart .
What Noa does not knows is that she was in love with him since the first time that she saw him .
I swim from childhood . I feel enjoy while I am swimming .
Swimming develop all types of muscles .
Advice for everyone who starts swim is feel enjoy while you swimming .
With the rising prices for the public transport in London , commuters are choosing using their cars more and more .
Public transport was create to release the traffic in big town centres and also to facilitate workers commute .
Tell me what has happened at our first meeting ?
My first match was when I have been in school .
My advice for someone who want to play this game , you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
He is really tall hi have 202 centimeters .
My story with basketball were very short .
I ca n't give you to many advice but one thing I know , a team work the most important thing in this game .
First place , my country 's politics is bad , and people have not work .
You must be a person in charge and worker , and you be able to find a good work .
My family have a company , and if you want , you going to work with them .
I wait for your call .
Television is an essential part in our life , we turn it on nearly everyday , since it can make life more interseting .
There are two pionts to approve it .
To sum up , television entertains , it ca also educate .
It 's a very nice restaurant which I prefer the most
Invention of car has made people 's lives easier .
Though public transport are cheaper and one could get to know many companions , increase network .
In present times the houses is very different , but in the future houses will be
Different people will be needed different functions , options and functionality of the future house .
This will be like in ancient times , but in the past the houses was the same all round .
The story tell us the story of Monica(Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine living in " Cretacro " an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean , the problem starts when Monica fell in love with Martin .
Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax but he change when he met Monica in the principal restaurant
After going to learn English class on 3 days in a week .
Another , I spent free time do Yoga or make good meat for my family .
I have all her colections books at home and I enjoyed a lot to have a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals , with Peter and all of them .
I have at home lots of books here and in my country but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look on charithy and bootsale because I can find lots of nice books and a very good price for them .
This Saturday I start a new book by Francine River , the book could The Warior I haven't finish the first chapter but I find the book very good .
I read others books by this writer and I really enjoyed .
Nowadays there are many ways to public transportation such as underground , buses , and etc . but is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .
Currently traveling by car is useful than public that transport , you can move around the city and reduce enough time sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of transportation will be cheaper .
Teacher , I know to travel by car is the most convenient .
However , I think your mind is similar to what forebear thought , because for them , society are never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
It is difficult for us to imagine a world in which there are not cars like we are used to see .
Nevertheless , I trust in that technologies can suffer a progress in the future .
Moreover , we have still a lot of things which we can and must improve like travelling security , comfort and economic sources .
On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation can be changed by 50 years later .
Maybe , we could find with flying cars or electric bikes .
The power of imagination makes him become a teacher : he has to show men how to understand their feelings and the nature that surround them .
I have any particular problem to help them , but I have often some doubt to suggest the place to go for a shopping .
You have only choose what is the best for you .
Hello I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoy nature , travel around the wold , and have a lot of friends .
I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , and share stories because I like to talk to people , and I like kids .
I can speak English and I really enjoy to do so .
My town do much efforts to care of environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep environment clean .
At first the police detective thought one of the special band was stolen the painting .
Then , researchers knew that Pal Enger , art - thief more popular in Norway , was who stolen the painting .
Only he needed 50 second to stolen the painting .
When he stolen the painting he wrote a note sayng : " thank you for your good security " and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to stolen the painting .
3 months ago , he wants 1 million dollars for the painting but the Norway government said no .
Finally , the Norway police catch the painting again in one policy investigation .
From the previous job , I 've been given the complement .
Whenever there was a problem , I could realize it and could solve it rapidly .
I could provide an extraordinary service with a smile even I was under unexpected situation .
We discuss special topic about how we come faster than a time.this famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword if you did not cut it , it will cut you " .
Many people do n't care about wasting their time even when they busy .
there is some people treat time As something of my own , they have the right to wast it and the right to look after it .
Imagine how you will live if you do n't have knowledge called ' time ' .
But this is change after my brother arranges with me to organize our time .
He will leave me at home or pay for him two riyals for every minute if I late to him .
When I ask him to get me someplace . I can not count how many times I stay at home because I am late .
I think that there is future for public transport , because there are still exist people who can not afford to buy a car , even travelling by car is much more convenient .
In the work I 'm a responsibility person , I never last arriving .
i like to have sports activities and education activities .
I like prepare my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is more fast .
In the terms of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrate the process of making it .
After that sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it use special ink , and print colors on both side , images are slightly rised .
At last inspectors of the bank manually check all printing sheets , and devid them into three levels."bad sheets " were sent for disposal , where things are sercurely destroyed."Good quality sheets " will go with packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
However sheets that are " partally damages " will be inspect again and separated into good and bad sheets , and sent for further actions .
the whole world get together to support there favourite teams & the boys played it in the streets together .
I enjoyed it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stade & supporte my team by my flag & supported phrases .
I advise any one dream to be one of the most famous teams that works on hisself a lot & and play football a lot to be profectional in this sport & show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
We work eight hours a day so if we submerge in a bloody pond in a long time could definitely turn ourselves frustrated .
In my own case , I am working as a co - cook in a diner .
Although the heat in the kitchen could burn us , the smile on the customers gives the best courage .
The more I can perform the much I can gain .
I tell you about the concert which I was last month .
They people of my city is working to keep it clean .
they have also a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents to accompany their grandchildren 's red deck painted with some dolls that say .
when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .
you should calm down and be away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you great man , and then you will find your passion
Possible we will in a space or underground .
In the future everything can change .
It can be painted with new colour .
It can be with the flowers .
Variety of negative impacts appears under rapid urbanization .
Mountains of studies demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control storm water .
As you know that , soccer is a sport which has many people in a group , so it requires us unite and assistance together .
most of girl does nt like this , i think that it takes us energy , we need to do exercise , reasonable diet ... and so on .
Our Mistakes mistake made us better than before if in life we had't got any mistake we would n't succeed that 's why the mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistake improve us so
I do agree television advertising direct toward young children should not bet allowed for several reasons .
For instance , when I was three years old I used to be captivated for all the toys which were presented on tv commercials just because the way they were exposed .
Secondly , I am also opposed the allowance of this advertisement because the severely consequence it causes into the parents and child 's relationships .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three years old kid- did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , do not speaking well with her for three weeks !
In last case , if the advertisements were still exposed , It would be essential some educational politics come with them , valorizing and teaching kids on understanding their parents .
I 'm very talented to work with people .
So I think , it 's no problem for me , to stay and run the whole day .
I made one week a internship in a restaurant in my village .
There I saw , how a venture like this work and you must not to show me the whole work again .
By the way I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and come every time punctual .
I would like to be consider to work in your cafe during weekends .
I am a twenty - year - old student currenly studying for being a chef .
I am some experience in this kind of job as I worked in a restaurant for two years .
I am used to deal with people and their orders to eat and also , I am getting used to working long hours as I study while I am trying to get a job .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because it is not any dirty streets in it
The governor of my city seek to develop it and he said it will be the capital of delta actually after 30 years ago
the people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy method , the citizens collecting the rubbish and threw it in big boxes far away the city .
When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first school day , there he is going to be captured by a man .
They finally meet and get happy again with a lot of good friends .
I 've fully understand why is so difficult finding which activity is more important for You .
As you know I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I have to decide which of those activity are more important then I would prefer sport .
Sport activity also make us feel more flexible and ready to force every day .
We are witnessing a great development of the work from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .
By looking at current situation of people 's lives , we can imagine the changes that can occur in future .
If you play the basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball gym with a basketball , trying to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterizing epistemologically Spanish tourism research through the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .
Public transport is helping people to get work on time and help to reduce pollution .
Public transport is also reduce the daily traffic .
Currently , I stand at Syntagma square in Athens and it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting with other international volunteers here in an hour .
I had the pleasure to visit Hotel Sparta at Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
I get in touch with you to inform him that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists of different places .
If it has some doubt , do not hesitate to contact with me .
We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to office , city , home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to save money and time .
i like volei because it was part of my life and of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , same i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my friends that know , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .
I'm watching they playing , they 're really very good , but when play over school , they 're very bad
But today , Things are getting change and technology marked a significant role in our life , Automobile segment increased its vertical and having a car becomes a need from luxory .
I believe , as soon as Automobile sector develop new technology in cars people will more keen to use their own vehicle instead or public transport .
On the one hand , we may take a communication forum , it can share everyone 's cerebration .
All in all , if you were to do this , your parents will not blame for you .
the wellness depend on three important factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .
the factor that we talk about is sport .
the sport increase our physical performance .
football is a simple sport , where the player must kick the ball in the opponent goal . in this sport , you improve principally the leg muscles but all your body move .
Computers do things that humans could n't , or it 's very difficult or it take so much time .
Humans is the best ! ! ! !
This confirm " The Exorcist " is a great film .
First and foremost , it can make contaminations to the environment , which can affect our health
Through this comparison the author wants to mark that the pagan spring festival may look like celebration of christian beliefs , but it is not .
travelling by is convenient but for mass poeple public transport is very important and much need .
no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also but public transprt is fair is much affordable to all clasess of poeple
public transport means mainly pubic bus.people used to travell long disistance by publis bus .it is possible to carry large number of people of different places to carry in bus .
my name is Mustafa I am 23 years old and I am Student in collage I search for job but I do n't find a job
I wish that my country become a great country and better and I wish to married who I love her
Why does culture differences sometimes cause a division of a country ?
Although I knew that there is some conflication between England and Scotland , but the vote has really shocked me .
The likes go out with friends and go to a parties , Richard has got a tortoise call " Peny " .
I 'm so happy with these holidays , I hope know good people and visit beautiful places .
It influenced the consumers behavior on banking services .
Compared with the past when we use horse for transportation .
Did the people have the same opinion that there is no future for transport , and we only can use horse ?
So I think there will be future for public transportation , and this may because of the updated technologies .
when they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drinker easily , she started feeling much better so they decided her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda on their house so she could get some rest and so she could ate more chicken soup , because they want Fernanda to feel better .
Daniela 's mom and her returned to the park , to continued piking the trash from the grass .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived at home at 11:00pm it was obscure and they would n't me able to see Fernanda , on that time the light turned off , and they try to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
They slept , at the next morning they light turned on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting them , so she get angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out from her room .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her that they came out from the park at 9:00pm it was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because they police thought that she had a globe with wine , and her mother told the police that she does n't have alcohol or wine on her car , and they police did n't believed her and they took them to the police station so they could check his car , and about 10 minutes approximately they told her that she did n't have nothing so they , went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
When Fernanda came out from her room , she started prying on her mom wallet if she did n't have anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was n't telling any lies to her , and her mom told her that she vow that is n't any lie .
Here some information about us .
We are married couple , both 32 years old , live at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubünden .
I am originally from Ukraine , was living from 2009 till last year in Germany and Juan is from Colombia , since 3 years in Switzerland .
We 're looking for a new nice home and so we are truly interested to keep your place tide and take care about it as it were our own .
Looking forward to hear from you and wish you a nice day .
a lot of people nowadays will take their own car , it 's easier and flexible .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing their mind , they start like having their own way to travel , Privacy also an important reason , people need to have a private means of transportation .
I promised to lean for math the whole week .
I know I have to lean but to start leaning is n't easy .
I remember those years and I would like that my children will practise it when they will be oldest , an interesting sport .
If I were football player , I would like played in this team , but I think that it is very difficult because , only the best players gets it .
Finally I recommend this sport for the child in order to get a healthy life , get together with their friends and forget for much time alcohol and drugs .
I love sports and I believe to practise it is the best to get a good life .
I am here to write about a composition about public transportation in Somalia specially the capital city Mogadishu where there is a little public transport comparing to our neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model which Van as well as very distracted roads which may cause collateral damage .
2 . I 've noticed that the machine cost is higher than it 's been anteriorly .
As for as public Transport you can save fuel as well as pollution but it take more time to reach the destination .
but keeping in view of environment we should prefer to use public transport
I like going to camp because I love nature and I delight to know new people around the world .
I had been working in sport events like organizer .
The city contain about thirty public parks .
The parks are full of greenery ; these parks also used as playground for children .
Ten year before , local governing body of the city decide to plant more tree and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
The trees are also stop soil erosion in rainy season .
Our city have a well equipped waste management system .
Each house in the city have two verity of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separately .
In Morning , waste collection truck came and it take these waste .
Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stayed in that house but not they were not alone they were with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
The problem is that the mother started to listen many wear sounds and her sons were not doing them , so who was the responsible .
Her sons have a problem they ca nt see the natural light and one they Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying so she went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there so she go to the other room and the courtins also were not there so she stars getting nervous and more nervous so she go and talk to the servants , so she got very angry and she told them go out of my house and they did not care so she pick up a gun and the old lady returned her keys .
Then many things happened , and then they discover that the ghost were not the servants .
In my opinion I do not agree with what journalists do , or to me if I were a movie star , a famous man who has done many performances I do not like every hour of the day to be pursued by journalists .
And another reason why I have so right in what I had to say in the ranks above you feel if you were in game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false Intrigue sometimes .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g and has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegant .
MOTASSEM is nice and lovely fiance he love his job as he is Patient will dong has jop .he is a hard worker he has amazing laughs
.When you started talk with him you will be inspire by his knowledge and his way of talk he have the talent to Convinces
thought .
My family is my best friend to me .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family is baseless but after my marriage I understood an importance of family who always want to make happy .
I have a little toddler with whom I love to share my feelings , he always give me a nice hug after I return from the office .
I feel proud to hug with him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress developed in the office hours .
In past , I do not care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability and love to get anything new for my sweet home .
I would like to thank you for you help me .
You send me a lot of information , but the most important was about the culture .
My teacher said that I have had a fantastic project .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
So if we still doing nothing new , out country will still unattractive .
With the coming of cars , people are using public transport rarely .
Everyone prefer to have his / her own car.so the future of public transport is very dark .
I am the suitable person for the job because I like to care of kids and I have the capability of being empathic with other people .
I have good abilities ; such as , organizing the activities and help the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
The charts below give the information about the most importent reasons for study among students of differents age groups also the amount of support they received from employers .
The first chart is the resons for study according to age of student .
for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
The other chart is about employer support , under 26 years old is the most higterst because it almost have 70% , the scentd higterst is age 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% of people are taken ; niy yhe most lower is 35% age of group are 30 - 39 years old .
In Stockholm you can do whatever you want , there is places to enjoy for everyone .
You can visit old city and watch old buildings and castel , you can watch the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
Young people may like to take a walk in king garden , there is sakura trees .
As a student at a local school , i would like to say that to delete the field trips
First of all , to get students outgoing frrom the classroum students take a breack of the school routine .
Fythermore , going on the field trips give students a change to expiriament thinks for themshelves .
As You can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see and know something new about them .
I am an architect since 2003 .
After , I was living in a flat .
If Azucena does not live there , We would not know Toulouse .
The river is in toulouse is Garona .
When he was scaping from the prison , he bump on an old friend callled Charlie .
Charlie was the only men that could help him scape .
Why I enjoy my favouite sport ?
So I think my favorite sport is go walking through the nature .
I can relaxing , when i walk alone and hear the noise of the birds in the trees .
Michael decided to open the door and back for her , he thought better the things he do not want to leave her again , he like her , he knows himself and he wants to know her , he have kept all his feelings for a long time .
The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working when a girl of his job asked him whether he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on you know my ex - girlfriend then she only walked without tell nothing .
He remembered , two years ago when he had been working and he decided to back home early while he had been backing to home he saw his girlfriend with other guy they were hugging .
he arrived the home and he only thought and thought all night it was the second time that she has been unfaithful since then he is alone .
Today in the morning he have not gone to work and he was staying in a pub to drink beer , then a girl went to him , he knew her , she is Abigail .
This girl is an acquantance him .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered like he knew her on the bus , maybe she have always been the woman of his live he looked at eyes and smile he wants to ask her whether now is not late to satart to know her but he decided leave the pub he walked to exit .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year!Because Norovirus infected me!At first , I had a high fever but I thought if I take some medicine I will be fine .
Though everythings were depressing , I still have a wonderful winner vacation with my family : we went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族)to visited its blooming cherry blossom.(I do n't know its variety~Is it from Japan??XD)Cherry blossom is very beautiful but there are so many people .
When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , wind is so strong!I felt a little nervous though the scenery amazing .
All in all , I stil have a memorable vacation .
I liked the way the page tells you your progress and marks your mistakes so you could fix them .
Company also reserves it 's right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found as per the job description .
There is a bookcase next to the rocking chair and when I have a free time I sitting on it and reading a book .
When I want studying for exams going to the living room and sitting front of TV
In addition , there is a small blackboard for my littel brother because my mother wants my prother learn Arabic and English letters .
As a consequence , they forgot their first language .
In my opinion sharing a car we will arrive at work on time and when we will finish work we can go directly home .
People who needs to go in the same direction , meet each other and use only one car .
You can travelling to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and another historical citys .
First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , all because we are all learning American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to contact British English , it 's full of tone cadence , always feel particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance qualities .
And the strengths and weaknesses in both of segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit , when I heard a sentences , I would use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again , therefore , I can easily be interpreted illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not noticed this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird , this is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
If I have an opportunity to back on English teaching , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
I start describing old computers which we saw in the video were few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and covering an enormous room .
Visually colors ranging on the screen were the black and green .
Finalize can tell that with the passage of time people we change the way we see the world , comes into play evolution , not only of technology but also of society , religion , etc .
In my opinion , staying alone means that you have something to think about , for example to think about our deeds .
Journalists follow you and they do n't give you to live such as normal pupil .
I did n't have a car .
Every day I used to taking public transport .
I live in a city , and for many people live like me , the most convenient transport is the public transport .
I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reduce the polucion .
I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise every shop in usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .
I am really very proud to work with you , you will see my wonderful launch and dessert . Thnx god to give me this job .
A representative to make an investigation so that town takes care of the environment .
One thousand people by eighteen and more are questions in my town about their way takes
There are a service representative whose occupied the rubbish shared planning of day .
There are services which can to clean and pick up the rubbish every day .
Also , the street where it has a lot of traffic .
After that , it hasn't a driver room .
There are various kinds of different things that happened in peoele 's life , some may be normal and nothings special , while others may be meaningful and unforgettable that you will remerber it for a long time .
Have you ever have this experience ?
When I am in elementary school , I joined a speaking contest , but I failed , and I had broken - hearted .
But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I ca n't be so decadent forever I want some change , hoping I will be better in the next year .
No matter it is sun or rain , wind or warm . And also asked teacher for help .
Eventually , I got number three in the comtest .
Through this time , I learn that win and lose is not the most significant thing .
My country witnessed a tremendous change in the last ten years .
10 years ago , I was a child , and I can seldom eat meat in dinner .
We do n't eat at home and it 's very common eating junk food every week .
On the other hand , children are used to eat only what they want because in general they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruits , fish ...
To sum up , it is very important to be conscious about how food affect our health .
That 's the reason for we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to do .
My dad and my grandfather had run their own business for more than 20 years .
Nowadays , the car owners have been increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .
Thus , some people claim that the social trend tends to decline the popularity of travelling by public transport .
Today personal vehicle become pride of the life , mean if a person is on there personal vehicle they are look as higher status in the society .
so it become a fashion of using personal vehicle which create a lot of problem big one traffic problem .....
now traffic problem is the biggest problem . only solution to this use of public transport system as much as possible .
but now using public transport is looked as person of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
Our life is keep changing everyday and we notice that huge range of the changing in each decades .
We can admit that our life will be quite different from now to the fifty years later .
It 's bringing the happiness to and the beauty to us .
We can not stop changing but we can guide it to the a special benefit which it makes the life easier and more comfortable .
It is bring the hope to their live and makes them taste the life in way that they had dreamed about it .
The ecological problems are very important for the last years .
An enormous quantity of cars and the traffic jams provokes a pollution of air and smog .
But I hope one day go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
Since the first time I watched him play , eight years ago was the same year that I started watch Tennis .
I like how the players moved through the court and how the audience applaused them every time they won a point , although I 'm not in the court I could feel the feeling of the game , it 's really awesome .
Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
My advice would be that I you want to play Tennis just go ahead play it , not expect till others do it , because you can do that too .
At the beginning it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .
Flamengo was champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengo has a great team with good players , but now it fight to finish the competition among the first 4 teams of championship .
My mouth is dry and have an awful metal taste , head aches , still slightly spinning and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
It must have been the aftereffect of whatever that clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around , especially those whisper shouts coming from behind .
My best friend had always been like a sister to me .
Our mums had been to high school together , although they 'd never talked a lot .
The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention in what she had told me .
Even that , we start to talk more and more , until we were what we are nowadays .
In the other hand , she had never been a talktive girl , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .
Even so , now she starts to talk more often , and when we started high school we met lots of new friends !
I would n't imagine a life without her , she 's the best person I ever met .
My town was located along the middle coast of Viet Nam .
When having an alarm about the pollution water , land ... by town 's civil , authorities must reposibile for this cause .
Finally , state usually encourage on the radio , television etc .
It means that tourists and the people of town must have a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .
On weekends , I usually wear clothes depending on the weather .
Sometimes , when I got to dress well , I wear dressy stuff , such as skirts , dresses , high heels and a sort of classy hairstyle .
In your message , you said that you need to find a famous people in my country and need some suggestions from me .
He constructed the hospital system in my country .
It is conveninet to travel by private cars .The price of private cars which every one can afford it , so that everyone has the private car nowadays .Some people point out private cars are going to replace the public transport .
I could n't agree with the point of view for some reasons below .
Firstly , the growing number of private cars cause the big problem with traffic jam .People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
That wastes people 's time and make people feel exhausted .
Not mention to say , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling in holidays .
Therefore people do n't need to drive cars for travelling in the city .
Public transport bring relaxing holiday and efficient business trip to people without weary long drive .
On the contrary , We need more public traffice to improve our traffic system and find the better way to maintain the environment .
Alison read the note and it say 's " i 'll be back at 8 pm " .
Alison felt desesparate , she notice that her husband 's car were in her house , so he was walking or someone pick up to him , she takes the phone and she call all him group of friends , nobody now anything and now they were scaried .
She was terrified , she starts thinking about the possibility of the death .
She got into her car and look for her husband for all their small city , Pentonville , after half an hour she saw him sleeping in a square .
George had lost her memory , and he could n't went back .
now days , there are many type of transport in the world , bus taxi , train but train more conform then else , I always used bus in city .
my favorite sport is playing footboll .
We do n't use so much petroll like if we each of the passenger to use it own private transport .
Many people has no vehicles , they only depends on public transport due to some reasons .
Public transport provide all the information about routes of the way which we are follow and give a idea to the passengers about the place .
If you choose me , i comitted with myself to comply with all working in a timely manner because this is how i characterized .
The most important for me is have more work experience and surpass my achievements that i set long ago .
First I would like to intoduce myself , my name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I tell you why my favourite sport is football which is a sport than I have practiced since I was six years old .
I like very much this sport because it must be play with a gruop of people and is funnier than others sports which you play alone with other opponent , like tennis .
I have confessed that in the first time I did n't like it very much because I was a bit shy boy and I cost a lot of effort to integrate with the other players of the team but with the passage of the time I liked more and more .
I would like to advice for the children who give yours first steps in this sport that is which perseverance and effort you can achieve great treasures .
I have swum in the swimming pool and also I have cycle in my bicycle .
Do you hear about Islam
At first I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even tell that this opinion is opposite of the present and future situation .
We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise them , so people would be motivated to travel by .
My trust in futuric technology is so enormous that I hope there are going to be a new ecological and cheaper ways to travelling around our world .
If this will happen , people are going to be more social and empatic , not even for peoples emotions , but also for our environment and they will treasure it .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution . which leads to global warming , that became a real threat of our life day by day .
for example , using wind Energy or Solar Energy for electricity generation we will be used less fuel what is affected in emissions .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that rules impose people lowering using things make a lot of pollution illustrate , using big vehicles or about building big facilities such as big factories .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . for instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same that make a lot of pollution for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
Many wars start because , people do n't know or respect the other beliefs very well thus , we need to learn about belief other people we are live with them .
To illustrate , people should cooperation To intervene to bring peace to the world to stop the war in many areas like what United Nations doing .
For example , United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . in brief , knowing each other and do more cooperation between countries it is to ways to avoid war for a better future .
for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
After ten minutes I asked the teacher of called my parents for returned home .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I ca n't undestood nothing and I ca n't talked .
On the hospital the doctor did me a drip and after some hours I felt better .
I do n't ever forget that day !
For this reason people is becoming acure of the terrible problem and is learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
Besides public institucions are promoting this and also private companies make advertising for awereness .
This is due to Lima in the beginning has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , and it only has been improvising to build their way without any criteria to transport its population .
In all cities of the world , the people will need the public transport to move around the city .
I would like the people to take the public transport for travelling , so we will be able rescue the countryside .
I usually take the public transport for going to the University , because the public trasnport is cheaper than the car .
I used my car every day however few a few I started to take public transport for I can to save up money
To this end , it has proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 called upon all parties concerned to the steps outlined below :
As he pumped down the stairs , wings flapping cross Cairo .
He flied to Saudi Arabia .
They was doing rites of pilgrimage .
The populations estimated around ten thousand person .
My neighbourhood surround by the large sequences of mountains which they have scenery view .
We got a large shopping centre with some local shop , you can obtain plenty of things that you want from it .
The One of the most amazing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without needs to go out from your city .
All amenities that is necessary for your daily life such as fantastic school with perfect teachers and modern building is found .
Transportation does not make a matter because it has got many bus lanes and bus stations .
If you like active city with enormous activity , I guess it is excellent place .
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it becasue it is the best way to loss weight and get your health better than medicine .
I think someone should get exercise by starting play some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing game .
They had a long tradition dating back to the 18 century when Vungtau was a a small commercial port .
Not only are they well - known for its long tradition but it also famous for the hospitality of inhabitants living here which attract domestics and foreign tourists come here to see the famous sights as well as shopping for souvenirs .
They are closely located the local art gallery which take about 15 minutes to go by foot .
Compared with local shops , products ' price in shoping mall is considerably higher than that in local shops but it offers more varieties of products .
My name is Yusuf Hamid I am 17 years old and I visit the state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,
My hobbies are meet Friends and hangout with them or play baskteball in my spare time .
My favourite sport is play soccer .
I really enjoy playing it because it 's very exciting because everything could happens .
I usually playing it with my partners and my friends which do the game even more fun .
I hardly recommend whoever to play soccer , because i 'm sure that they 're going to enjoy it very much .
People spend their first salary to buy a car .
Peolple do n't use the five seats of the car to go to travel .
From the point of view of the invaironment this is a bad idea because spend a lot of gas by person .
The cities are crowded and there are a lot of pollution with noises and smoke .
A new problem is being in the small cities , because they are not disigned to harbor a lot of cars .
It is a problem of mentality , if we had born in a society that used the public pranspor I thought that is the better and we would use then normally .
In my own town , people do n't use public transport , some months ago the council gave a public sercice bike and three months later they had to close it .
It meaning Tuesday night of week and take place on last Tuesday night of the year .at this night people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to fire : I give you my sign of sickness(yellow color)and you give me your healthy sign ( red color)and eat some special foods .
It meaning new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day very important for us because we cleaning our house , buying new clothes just for new year .The major things in Norouz day is haft sin table and include the seven items which start with letters " s " .
we gathering around the table on this day and waiting for the spring on last moments of the year .
When the new year start we hug and kiss together , wishing happy new year and presents will exchange .
In during the holiday people going to see their family , friends and relatives in type of short time visit .
It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day people going picnic and spent the day out of their homes on the nature because they believe that Thirteen number that brings bad luck for them .
Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
Series also can help you to study , for me it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch helped me in school , such as breaking bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
last year I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , and talked a little of life in old history , and coincidence I was having this matter in school , then it helped me a lot .
I have worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer I worked in other restaurant in London , however I would like to look after children because I have studied to be a teacher .
I believe I suitable for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know to cook very well .
In the future I really want my grandchildren to be happy that is all I ask for . I may be young but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years i mean dream does not hurt .
I question myself everyday how can i survive in this madness world ?
Nowadays have a car is very expensive because you have to pay a lot of thinks .
I 'm very tiring day , when I go and went straight to bed .
The last few days that I was in Baja California I 've got very little time for shopping and go to the beach .
First I believe you can travel from north of Italy to the south , in
Find a job in Italy is n't as easy as you think , because the
But it 's not all , since you know two languages , maybe you can find
I will find out someone who know the agency 's manager , and you will
In the car you do not have a timetable to be respected , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still to snow , rain , cold .
There happened several serious natural or man - made disasters in this year .
In the global , up to three air crashes which result from being hijacked or shot happened .
In my opinions , all of us are supposed to be careful about all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
Frankly it seems that the town that I have been living have not taken care about the environment .
It is easy to see when we walking around or when we go to some walk .
In general we do n't take care about nothing , water , recyclable things even our air conditioning .
Here in Brazil is very difficult take care about it because it demands serious behaviour and skills from our gorvernants which unfortunatuly wo n't happens in a short time .
Although Brazil passed through several changes since last 40 years , the main one haven't started yet and I am talking about Education .
Our government prefer keep our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their mind .
And why am I talk about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of environment care is our minset , just with knowledge and information we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and reverse we have the current result .
So if we believe it is a kind of important subject to take care , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
we can have really good house where are many furniture , space and ornaments .
we can choice expencive things for interior .
In this report I am going to talk about how in my town take care of the environment .
First at all , I ask the council for this great problem which is the pollution and the way to solve it .
He is aware that the growth of the pollution is a big problem and that must be taken mesuares for trying to solve it .
n the town he tries that the people have to aware about the sitiations and they take care the environment
In my opinion we should take conciencious and stop it , if we don , t stop it , after it will be later .
We sometimes do presents at the party like the Birthday ...
The best present that I receive was ... I do n't remebmer !
First , you should know is the weather , we have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the middle east .
All the stores and malls are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go for pray for work you need to know what the major you want to work in so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .
after what I told you about my country I hope you like it .
Also there the same supermarket , bar and restaurants .
For many years , people use public transport to go to work to study and to travel .
So , we use trains , buses and bikes to transport from place to place .
let us discover the aventadges and disavandges the
Sometimes are better to travel by the bus because of thorny road .
Nowadays , people has a stressfull live so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
We can think that there is no future for public transport because most of people use their own car .
Using your own car you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what way your are go to use .
It 's more confortable go anyway with your own car , the problem is the pollution that this life bring us , and also the park problem .
If everybody go with their own car , their have to park and maybe the place is full .
Also , travelling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't have to go stopping in each town , so using your own town saves time .
Nowadays , people are really worried for their jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people are lost their jobs and other are working in rubbish jobs for little money .
In my opinion , the most important is enjoy your work because we spent an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we will do , as a result if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be a hell .
The truth is , that the perfection would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and of course , making a lot of money , like for example Hollywood actors or football players but this is almost impossible .
In summary , for me , it is better enjoy at work every day , although you have not a big salary .
The most important is wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .
The scorch trials is one of the best films and thriller that I have ever seen , it is so exited all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be inmune if some sick person bite them .
one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
it is a beautiful place where people can go to spend an excellent time and enjoy the forest and lagoons .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do Babysitting so the company of children not afraid me .
I hope I convince you .
Usually her dog had a blue color but at that moment it was Red
Recently , I have seen the Tarantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to recognize that I am looking forward to watch the next one .
Firstly , Django Unchained remembered us the hard life suffered by black people in the past , due to a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be selling to an owner farm , it being matching with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
On the one hand , there are alot of famous player on volleyball who had Knee ligament injuries , The most frequent mechanism of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
In my opinion , Volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings.my advice for who starts this sport you will get fresh after you play this game and makes you doing your work in relaxetion way .
First of all , public transport probably meets the demands of people who hardly or do n't use their cars to travel .
In Japan , which has one of the largest population over 60s , many senior people prefer to use buses to cars .
In addition , a new generation appear and they do n't own their cars because of a few opportunities to travel and high cost of having a car on their own .
and we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .
Natural environment destroyed that is a people focus on frequently problem .
Many countries build more and more buildings affect people quality of life .
Setting up more large building can destroyed people and animals live environment and some animals maybecan extinction .
Governments should do some measures to deal with build more buildings will destroy the ecological environment .
Do n't be afraid of hockey!You used to sit in front of computer , but the best choice will get up and go to the hockeyclub .
I am Xyz I have a 18 years old and I am student .
I am a volunteer and I work as a babysitter . I can cooking .
I had gotten first prize in a match .
Since then , I meet my teacher in the pool .
She teach me a lot of things , and be the most important figure in my life .
She is a doctor , she told me that swimming will let my body more better .
From then on , I fell my disease in decreasind and fell relax .
The research declined that swim can decrease disease .
When you in the water , you will feel relax .
You can try this sport from now on .
After rehabilitation I continued feel hurt in my foot and I still limped .
I decided to stop this and one gorgeous morning I starting running !
After these moments , you starting doing things that many people think impossible or even unbelievable .
I advise start from one km .
I would like to start working in your cafe , because it is very interested in the kitchen and everything connected with it .
My last job is working as dealer in a lot of shops .
I traveled a lot , because this is my hobby , I learned about a lot of food in many countries
I used to work full - time jog .
I am prepare for long working hours , that 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spend timee with people .
First of all , It is true that not all the people like do sports because they are heavy and a bit stressful too .
Despite the fact that sports are heavies , doctors are always saying that sports improves our health .
In conclusion , Physical Education are necessary at schools because sports improve our health and make us feel good and healthy .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay the first night at the booking time and the rest of the stay it would be paid upon arrival to the front desk .
Plus , in case I cancelled the reservation 48 hrs before arrival it would charged the 5% of the full stay .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy but it also help us to make new friends because while we are training we have mates in our team which we can talk to and make them our friends .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when we are a little child to gain experience and year after year becoming better and improving .
I found football interesting because it teach us a lot of morals such as cooperation and onest .
I also can get fun with my friends when I play it .
Famous people definitely deserved to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
They also have families , they also sleeps , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like aliens .
Honestly , if I were in their shoes I would n't stand it .
I would feel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , because someone will make a photo of it , and I wo n't have peace .
They ca n't complain , because it 's the way of life they choose .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course in which I have learnt to organise all kinds of activities with children since canoeing from swimming competitions , also , I worked in a summer camp last yaer where y could put all the things that I have learnt in practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to do it again .
If I knew about the thing before I would invite all my mates .
What 's more , I did n't have to pay for the ticket , because it was a volunteer work - closing the door after people that were coming out of the concert hall .
The good thing about it was the fact , that the band(actually I even do n't remember it 's name)was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even think about leaving the place .
With reference to your advertisement posted on the web ( CareerCast IT ) a few days ago , I am sending you attached my curriculum vitae in support of my application for the following position : Graduate Project Engineer , which are being offered at your company .
If you give me the opportunity to consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and developing my professional career .
I do n't worry salary now , instead of a chance of showing my skills .
I would agree with working at minimum salary or working in practice .
Because where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practise football so I can become really good like other players .
During our stay all the staff was friendly and always available .
As time went by , football remains my favourite sport .
it been a long time I never see you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
I heard about You want to have a trip in Taiwan , I lovely helped you when you came to Taipei .
Taiwan 's culture always talked about eat .
At any time of day or night , we could see people eating in all kinds of eating establishments , from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
Many children usually did n't know how to study Engilsh , and you could help them to get there .
If you have interest in my idea , I would help you to find one immediately .
The other team was profesional , they had won many competitions , they were really good but Tom and I knew that we could won .
He also thanked me and told me that if it was n't for me he would n't even think about playing tennis in a professional way .
Sport is an important for all of us because it helps us avoiding disease , and becoming healthier .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling fresh and relax .
Moreover , daily excrsise is very good idea which helps us to avoid overweight and to keep your body healthier .So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other kind of sports to avoid diseases .
During the last months , we could see a huge number of new movies issued by many famous European and American majors .
The first one is basically based on a true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is acted by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he become rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock exchange market .
Walter Mitty instead deals with the fantastic story of the main character , an archivist , whose life will been changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
Walter Mitty is acted by an excellent Ben Stiller , now arrived at the top of his career as actor .
Far from the noisy and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers to the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will restart a new life .
I must say that The secret dream of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who would spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
It seems more convenient to them to move on their own rather than tied to a public transport .
It can be argued that public transport system has been loosing its popularity in many ways .
This may cause people in getting late to their particular destination .
I think that when you want to get famous because of something that you do ( for example : writing musical ) you have to accept what comes with it .
However , there are also those kinds of people that get famous for doing nothing or just being rich as it 's the case of Paris Hilton .
We can see that people get famous when they die , so , journalists are basic to create a negative or positive point of view of that person .
The difficult to learn something .
Some people said that the world could be better if it 'll return to the past where the life was more simply .
The question is whether the older people are disadvantage in using technology in confidential way .
There are not doubts : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example explain well and calm the use of new technology to an old man or woman , at the end , also these people are in conditions to use it .
There are some old people who are interested to know how work technology , but others who are not interested at all .
To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results could be lower than their expectations .
I am writing this letter , because the last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like it and I can advise you .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I watched THE TITANIC , perhaps the movie counts us , the typical story the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
But the best of all for me is the sinking of the ship , when it fell down to bottom of the ocean .
The director has wanted to make the story the best real possible .
In my opinion I think that the love story is enclosed to explain better the sinking .
One of them which includes all interests is Afi Palace Cotroceni .
In addition to that , cheap is the best word describing the costs .
Although using your own car is betten for moving around the city , public transport has shown to be a good way for travelling lost distances with a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
In conclusion , this kind of transport will have to enhance if the companies in charge want citizens to use their buses , trains and other public vehicles in the future .
Those improvements may include lowering the price , reducing the times or offering new destinations and more resources .
The aim of this report is to share the experience of different students who had been working abroad during the summer .
I have been practicing swimming pool since I was six years old , now I am twenty one . this should not let you stay without a clue of how much I care about my hobby .
If I had to suggest a sport to do for children , I would recommend it because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantee an upper level of wealth .
I 'll finish saying that even when I was young if my father had asked me if I would have rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would have surely chosen the first one .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around , although we were living in the country or far from the industries .
Nowadays we have a hurries lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
Your health needs calm , friendship , happiness ... You must keep in contact with your friends and to spend time with yourself ( do not forget your hobbies and learn new things ) and your familiy .
However , there are a lot of malicious software around the Internet and you must be aware .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that creates this virus to damage other people computers .
It 's all so easy with it and useful , for example you can order a pizza to take to your home
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where every day you do the same activities , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forget words , dates , information that you had learned a few years ago because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to audio book just 1 hour every day , you are going to feel a change quickly . I know that getting reading habits is difficult , but you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of them and you will read for pleasure .
Finally , if you get Reading habit you 're going to organize better your ideas and you may feel more energetic , if you do n't believe me , just try it .
In addition , as I was determined to build my career as a teacher since my very childhood and , moreover , I definetely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at University and local school .
I have been teaching English for 5 years already and I would dare to say that this job was made for me .
My opinion is rooted in my experience so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth I like cooking and experience new things in general .
I welcome the opportunity to meet with you and look forward to hearing from you .
I had a lot of fun at the sommer sport camps and I met a lot of friends .
if you like scary thrillers this movie is the one for you to watch , i do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious so you are going to like that one
A group of fishers began to walk around the city looking for a good place where they would have brought their fish .
Neighbours helped them to make the building and after a few months , they began to use it .
Nowadays , the building has been become a luxury mall with the most expensive brand clothes .
The homeless man noticed it too , although he did n't care because he will always obtain free food .
He was dreaming it was his time to go fishing ; he went so far that he saw a kind of battle between sharks and whales .
That was his entire dream , he was now scared to know if that was real or not .
But it was too illogical to be true ; the good thing was that he was n't the one that would go and fish , which will be the leader .
They will notice quickly because fish will smell worse than it already did .
You start live on your own , make your own decisios and plan your future .
Besides , there are a great number of people who graduated school but do n't have enough money to continue their education .
It is also a point that when you do n't execute what you wanted to during a gap year , you are in the same place when you were graduating school .
In addition , recently I passed my First Aid Course , which was quite useful for me .
I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so that it will be a pleasure for me to gain this job .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation to be mature , responsible and easy - going person .
I believe that this will give me the chance to consider my application and got the job .
Someone came and opened the bathroom and I got my keys and started to work .
At the moment I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I will find an other location to stay , that 's no problem !
I hope it will be every day because , I wrote that , I 'm looking forward to learn English !
I would be glad , if you could respond to my questions so fast if you can .
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We were faced with the real problem of lack of time for translating , especially closer to the end when our translators have worked with very large texts .
If you want to play this sport , I have to make a really big effort and try to train as much as possible .
I 'm trying to drink a cup of strong coffee but it does n't help .
That half of my day I always sleepy and angry .
I think you should to consult with a doctor about it .
Try to not to eat a very substantial meal in evening and in the morning
But I think you must take away it from your ration .
- And I forget to add that you must do some morning exercises .
Watching quiz programs are a main way to educate oneself .
Being aware of current affairs are important in our life .
There are plenty of entertainment programs which just consume our time with no other benefits .
I am used to work with children who are under 12 years old , because I usually do kids matches when I referee .
the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working but finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
I might pick you up from the airport by car .
As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment but I suggest taking something warm just in case as the weather is very changeable here .
I 'm really satisfied as there were about 200 competitors and so I would have never thought to be the winner .
Since many European tourists attempt to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sun shine and also discover the historical remanings from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work .
The hotel should provide variety of cousins from the world , therefore the clients could eat whatever they wish .
The hotel should have all inclusive concept so before people go for holiday , they could calculate their costs .
Also , staying regularly on the computer is a way to get glasses .
Now that they are back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well his brother that has been evading her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend , they are n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by going to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her the chance to confront instead of making a chaos about it , despite this insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
There are only limited numbers of government buses on the road and their frequency are not good so they get overcrowded .
Everyone can not afford a car so public transport would be there but in future as well but fewer people will use it .
Our company is a small and based company which works within the same field for almost 50 years .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore As I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department has to start the search of a new employee .
He will contribute with his life experience , and he will request for better working conditions as salary , family times , and health insurance .
In conclusion , I would say that a recent graduate would be a great asset for our company as they accomplished our targets .
Firstly , it is true that they have similar relationships that we could have many years ago .
There is a strong argument for believing these resources can prejudice their writing skills .
I 'm so happy to hear you 'll come to visit me !
Now I explain to you , how to reach my home from the airport .
After you can take the bus , which drives you to Chiari .
So the TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort is put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society-
In my opinion , although there are some advantages if teachers were responsible for this task , I believe that the government is more suitable to lead this mission .
There are two main advantages of teachers deciding what subjects taught in schools .
Firstly , each teacher would be able to teach courses according to their own expertise , which leading to a more advanced and high - quality teaching .
And it will be difficult for examining students ' ability in a national scale .
Although some drawbacks may exist when this task determined by the central authorities , a committee comprising experts in different disciplines can minimize these drawbacks .
On the one hand , friends is like a family because you live together a lot of experiences and adventures .
Not only because they than taken at world but also they are always say the truth .
They to want better for you , and always they will be by your side .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always felt amazed by the attraction of concerts over large audiences , thereby in my opinion , the second text offers a good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
Santa Cruz is growing every year and now it is the biggest city in Bolivia and I like to live here .
If you want sightseeing in downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a funny place where we can dance and drink a lot .
You will not regret to visit Santa Cruz .
I think my favourite sport is cycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in winter .
That 's the one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be out . Instead of a walk or snowboarding .
On the other hand , I can have a cold and temperature or something like that .
Watching the sunset die between the humble houses and four chapels , one in each of the cardinal points , dedicated to Santiago , San Bartolomé , Los Mártires and La Soledad .
Owing a car certainly makes trips faster and easier .
To my belief , there does exist a promising future for public transport .
It is a known fact that travelling by cars is less green than by public transport .
If everyone start using car for traveling ; the road wo n't be enough to everyone as there are seven billion people in the world ; and even for environment it is better to use as less as possible .
So in summary to save the environment , to make the road accessible to everyone public transport should have been used and we all should try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
She was his neighbour and they love each other from when they were young .
They live in a little town in the Massachusetts .
He asked Jessica to come with her , but she did n't agree because before marrying him she would try to see if their love could hold out against everything , also the distance .
So she prepared her luggage and she went to say goodbye to him .
She was disappointed and try to explain her thought to him , but he did n't want to understand her reasons .
He was afraid to lose her and he did n't want to try to trust her and their love .
Then it is very important going to this store and choosing an object that makes you remind the most exciting day of the trip , a gorgeous monument you have seen , ...
Some people say that are not future for public transport .
They argue that a large number of people prefers travelling in private transport , because it is more comfortable and convenient .
Firstly , travelling by bus or in other public transport,(as underground ) , help us to decrease the emissions of gas , which causes pollution and global warming .
Take an example for this , some teenagers drink detox water instead of meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated by the scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to get some unexpected consequences .
In the everyday life , the internet has became one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influental .
In conclusion , the internet have pros and cons , but it can be very useful and fun to use .
The few houses themselves are set around a very old , Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for growing sheep and cows .
Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too many times , sport its bad for health , it makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like this , and the music is improving and stimulating your brain and intelligence .
But also I told you that if you are so good in sports you might get a grant for your studies which will get worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with the music if you are good at cause is better for your brain but also sports can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
Generally , it seems a modest sport or simple hobby , but permit meeting more and more people along the urban streets who make jogging too .
So , I enjoy running alone or with friends , because this sport have a lot of possibilies , more than I believed when I started to run after finishing High School .
Later , I have had more roommates , colleagues and partners even who practised this sport , which is among the most fashionable ones at this moment .
But , for the beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running may be bored , tired , dangerous , even , but if you get a strong spirit and will power , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
Karate made me strong and let me know how to face something I scared before .
I enjoyed it and got achievability from it .
Opening your mind , do n't be chicken and you 'll find different one about you !
One ca n't imagine how many germs ( virus included ) lay on a hand bar waiting for a skin to rush in .
So , little by little , and as economic conditions of people improves , public transport will eventually disappear .
However , after I came to New Zealand , I found a special sport which does n't need any ability , trekking .
Also you are able to choose a place to go depend on how you feel .
Do n't forget to bring some drink as well .
In some place , you will find difficulty in finding it .
Let 's start trekking as soon as possible , otherwise you will miss opportunity to see fabulous scenery .
During the last decades , the number of cars used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution and deaths associated to traffic accidents have also augmented .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and contaminates a small fraction of what it would had been if every passenger had traveled using an individual car .
One thing which we could be sure is that the world is changing but public transport existed in the past and will be in the future .
Cars are n't cheep and if you think that is easier to move form one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point but there is a lot of considerations which you should occur like : gas , insurance or parking cost .
Moreover , you should recon about comfort during the travel .
When you driving by the car you should be focus on the road , you need to think what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should chose .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
Another advantage could be teachers : they are quite strict sometimes but they make us studying harder and this is not so easy to do with teenagers .
Nowadays people are depending on them too much .
Cars are being used even when not necessary .
Travelling could be a good way to improve your lenguage and to know better Italy .
It is a turist country , you may work as a waiter in my city .
Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always gets the top marks and participate in most activities , known for all the teachers and students .
He also participated in the school football team and won the state club .
Despite all previous things Adam was alone , has no friends in school or in abbeywood street in Queensland where he lived in Australia and Adam was very annoyed about that and what make it worth a boy called Johnny who had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends but from his bad luck , they were n't very good friends , they used to make troubles and do n't do their home work in time .the boys were Fernando and Louis in their seventh year in school as Adam .
The math teacher in school Mr Michael was a very good teacher who takes care of children in school .
He realized Adam 's marks are getting low and he involved in some troubles in school and began to investigate him .
In the final exam Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and inform the school 's manager who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
In matter of fact Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got low but he didn't , and the consequences were very bad so , Michael closed the door and know at that moment he had made a mistake .
There are buses too , but I do not like them . Depend on the dot , there are traffic problems and you must wait a long time in a bus stop .
I am from a little town and I must wait one hour to go to the city center .
I propose to use fewer cars .
The plot revolves around an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat and mouse , a team compounded of the best four illusionists .
If I have to stand out any weakness I will say that is a bit predictable .
This will help them as a method to study or review for the exam and reduce their levels of stress .
Another simple solution I think could help is to study as well as to review content during sessions before a certain exam , to help the students study whilst still having a class .
Always dreaming becoming a great player , playing in a stadium crowded , clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
When I grew up I realize sooner than later , that I will never be nor a good neither a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players ever lived .
Then I decided to study engineering and becoming one the best engineers ever .
Life becoming bigger more and more .
People looking for comfortable easy life .
companies are looking for well educated people with a good experience to hire and students more likely to fit their choices .
With your certificate you can easily fine a job .
For that reason we 're going to putting our name down at the gym and the swimming - pool .
Besides I 've a big surprise , apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has offered us to join in .
Nevertheless , what about having lunch on Saturday and speak it quietly ?
To begin with I am interested in birdwatching because from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
Birdwathcing really relax me and bring me closer to the nature .
So if someone really want to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area that he lives .
It let us improving our hearing and speaking skills .
In addition , it could be interesting although you do n't have to do physical actitivy , because of your capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech will be got better in this kind of activity .
What 's more , it does n't require a specific place to take place in , it could be trying anywhere .
I think that my college must provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and it teaches you how you must speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
I am glad to understood that everything is OK about you .
You know that I had learnt biotechnology at school in Bulgaria .
If so , what is the criteria for giving it .
If service meets only the expectation and does not provide anything more than it , means customer satisfaction is there but customer would not feel great .
If service is not meeting expectation of the customer or its quality just below expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
Rest of the respondents have positive feedback .
The factors which hinders other respondents from giving very positive feedback may be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failure of meeting results of vasthu to their expectations .
The US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is betraying the Hong Kong law .
In Occupying the Wall Street , the US did not seems to be much more peaceful than Tiananmen Massacre .
The US always target on dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up a competitor of itself .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria , there were chaos for " democracy " everywhere , and the next , might be Hong Kong .
I am afraid that Occupying Central would lead to chaos that similar to Tunisian Revolution .
The signature collection of the White House now ended .
I really hope Hong Kongers that signed in the website could think again what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
And I really think the US could stop picking on China .
Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concept is the best way to confront many academic and real - life problems .
For example , once I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher have explained in class , but just remember facts .
From this experience , I learn that I do not just remember facts , but try my best to understand ideas and concept .
Second , learning ideas and concepts support self - education greatly .
It is easy to know facts from people around you .
However , learning ideas and concepts need more investigation and understanding many of the academic textbooks . .
Nowadays , there are limited time for any teacher to cover all point in a certain subject .
When , students catch the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issue related to it deeply .
It was massive materials on a specific issue , but I attempted my best to catch its notion that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
Not only do student learn more in their studying , but also they help students understanding many facts in our life better than any other ways .
He travelled a lot , he knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many places .
He taught me my basic English , to playing tennis , to play the guitar , to dance , to sing and I can continue counting .
So , if I can end my days , been a little bit like him , the work will be finished and I could say I have been a good father just like him .
To begin with , I consider that many of homes , which will be create in the future must have robots .
They are designed to doing all things related to housework .
All in all , future houses will be looking more like airplane , and less like normal home .
We picked up our things and start to walk .
We find a very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very populary , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
We decided to go talking with him .
He started being nervous when we question where he saw that girl .
He sad that girl , that he was drawing , is the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
He explain that he saw that girls in the beach .
Because I never heard beautiful words like that about me , I accepted the invitation without thinking .
When the night comes I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go .
I was dressing a short red dress and a black shoes .
I tried with swimming , and I was found that so boring .
After that , I sign up into Karate classes but I did n't like combat sports like this .
But one day , my sport teacher gave me the opportunity to became a basketball player with nine years old .
Since that day , basketball became as my favourite sport .
A player could win a game , but only a team could win championships " .
Nowadays there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic so it could be difficult to live a whole month without it .
However this family believed that if they arrived their goal , they would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
So they would help to stop a bit the problem fot the UK 's recycling system .
So we can use the plastic in a responsible way but we have to know that we should n't follow this idea until the extreme because we need plastic .
I watched till they DRAG him away , and then everything got quiet again as it there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
How do these people find the spot .
The guy who killed that boy really need to have a INCENTIVE to kill him .
If there was a machine that can go REVERSE in the time , I might could save him .
I hope you have had a high score at the school .
Even if you are the best player in the whole world , you have always to play for your team - or else , be ready to be overcame by your foe !
The icon , depicting the Mother of God with the Christ Child , known as the Black Madonna of Częstochowa was imported from Russia in 1384.And since then a lot of pilgrims has been visiting that picture .
He promised that the Madonna of Częstochowa will always be a polish queen .
When you were a child have you ever asked what are you able in ?
On one hand we have the people who lives on their sport , on the other hand there are ones who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
It is likely you would have got more self - confidence if you had worked harder during a course .
So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is If you did not fall in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
You can go by train , by bus o maybe to rent a car .
YOu could go to clubbing in Tarragona but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort go to Salou .
Tarragona and surroundings are a good place to visit and to know their culture .
I was hoping that , my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronic but my parents told me to have some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronic .
I did their recommendations and I totally changed my idea .
There were some aspects that I was really unaware of them .
So I came to my parents and asked their help , they presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I can easily go along with .
I hope a day that all the children rely on their parents as their teachers .
I enioy to hear the rain while I am reading at home ...
When the weather is good I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or do shopping .
At least I enioy to take care on my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of kinds of flowers .
Actually I do n't like very much the computer games , because in my opinion they are so boring!I also think these games get a sort of dependency , like the alcohol or the drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
I really prefer doing other kind of things on my computer , like to surf the Internet , to study English , etc .
Then we got on a bus to arrive at the house which we had rented .
I looked forward to go on the beach and to swim in that wonderful wather .
For example I can know about the Big Bang , the origin of the universe , it 's fascinating !
I can also look about the astronomy , the fisic , the chemistry , the biology and many other range of the science .
In this programme I can have information about the last scientific discovery and the
Every day you heave new news about cruise , excursion , weather and many other information about cruise .
Media manager follow information on panel , change information depending on weather , trip and many other information .
We also have to take in mind taking care of our environment , in order to have a healthy life .
At school , children had been tauhgt about how to do an apropiated use of the electric energy .
there are many people that offered themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and had been very helpful to make the city cleaner and more attractive .
Many times when I was on shopping , I was unhappy or disappointed for different reasons .
First of all , we can like or even love shopping , but not always we have have enough money to buy items we want or need .
It 's nice go through shops and take leave with hands full of bags .
There , over the last two years , I 've been a Leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of Courses for young students with learning problems .
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live where we have a lot of products and chefs so good , I would want to visit an Italian restaurant because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place where you can eat a different types of cheese in the world .
Whereas , I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that make the night more romantic if you dinner with your couple or more relaxed if you dinner with your friend .
However , not all it is ok , a trip to Italy is so expensive and many clasmates ca n't go it .
Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project to build community hospital . while on this project , I interact and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
I earn some money to pay my University fee and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the University .
I live in Milan with my parents but I 'll move to the USA before the end of spring so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
I would like to take part of your staff so please let me know if I can work with you !
In Canada , the vehicles per capita is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
There was once an interest saying that North America are the nations on wheels .
As result , the rapid increasing of cars on the road brought negative consequences .
Firstly , vehicle 's emissions can cause detrimental effects on the environment in many ways .
In addition , traffic congestion has become another worsen problem .
subway has become the most popular commute tool .
For instance , in New York , the subway system contains 232 miles of routes .
In 2013 , the subway delivered over 1.71 billion rides , averaging approximately 5.5 million rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system are 14 metro lines and 329 stations , with an operating route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billion rides delivered in 2013 .
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fare is much cheaper compare of driving a car .
Some professional companies even offer their employees free public transport pass as a benefit .
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that pass through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourist , students and professionals 's prior choice for commute .
There are some park and ride stations allowed car drivers to connect with the subway , It is very convenient and encouraged more people to drive less .
If I have to get to somewhere on time in rush hour , I will first consider the subway over drive a car .
Taking subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that happening today will sure lead a bright future to public transport .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take the second on the right which Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
I think it could be a good idea to try the restaurant " The old clock " .
There is also a good choice of food for vegetarians , so Mike and Ann will have not a problem to eat .
The downside could be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time of the customers do the order .
You can listen live music or a DJ on Friday evening , it 's really fun !
What to you feel are the main causes of this ?
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US show that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of TV or computer playing video games , they hardly perform any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
This shows that fried or package food and complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for increase in obesity among young people .
For example , it should be noted that , recent studies by WHO has revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
I spent a really good time with my boyfriend , this place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not being able to walk and it 's now when he realized why was her sister celebrating her wedding on these dates .
For me , these are the most incredible sports that anyone can perform .
Swimming is one of the most complete sports because you use every part of your body in order to sustain and advance the water .
The ideal is to start practicing this sport as children , because the oldest you are is more difficult to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you already have started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for having these service guide and how to use them .
I propose to have a meeting to discuss the process / timeline and align our communications to the marketing and sales community .
To coming to my accommodation , firstly you must take the National Express ' coach .
I suggest having a coat .
If you need further details how to arrive at my apartment write to me soon .
Generally speaking , cars generates more pollution than any public transport .
It is also important to mention that people who drives its own car most the time travel on their own .
When we arrived in Catania the bus driver bring us in a café to have breakfast .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento where a lot of us stay in the hotel that night .
We saw also Pirandell 's house , and after this we went to Marsala . during the evening we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we saw a museum and then we moved to Trapani where we visited the saltworks .
There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone would drive a car , the smoke would be so high , that we could n't live here anymore .
There would be much more exhaust if every person is driving a car .
The hero finds all his friends disappear one by one .
If I had to give advice to someone who wants starting this sport I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
If he was afraid of the water it is not recommended to practice this sport , or be able to break down his fear would be a great goal .
All in all I would recommend to anyone to play this sport .
I think playing basketball help me to be healthy .
It is an easy sport to play for anyone who never play any sport before .
These are the story about basketball , my favourite sport .
It is more possible losing contact with a friend than with the family .
Nowadays owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you were willing to pay through the nose for it .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that have shaken Europe and that have intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - watering expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
Although renting is the first option for most of the youth , rents also had been affected for the housing bubble and their prices have shot up too .
In order to save up for future plans , a large number of early adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping in the dark and go out .
That could be end in constant arguments because of issues like intimacy and so on .
The future remains uncertain until the economic situation gets over .
As there are no many signs for this to become real , young people must wait to start their own lives .
It keeps me fit , be healthy and full of energy .
It refreshed me .
At first , I could n't believe that I can do this .
In addition , I met new friends here , they are very clever and physically strong .
After the race we get around in the cafe , drink beer and have a nice conversation .
I become more organized , and I managed to do more than I could imagined .
I think everything is possible when you are organized . You start to build your own timetable , which make your life more easy and effective .
I strongly believe in the idea of having a comfortable office environment , because when you like what you are doing and also where you doing it , you will do it the best you can .
I recommend that everyone at this department take the course , that way we could have the perception of all the employees and focus in what we need to improve and canalize it into profits .
In conclusion this will get everyone feel part of the company and have everyone 's opinions .
The movie was first released in 1982 and directed by Ridley Scott who is the director of Alien .
The story of blade runner is about a police officer named dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth which they called the replicants , and they are dangerous on human .
The film events happened in Los Angels in late 2019 , there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character , and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty , he is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
Dickard the police officer killed three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tried to kill the last robot , he discovered that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanism body because he saved dickard 's life at the end of the film .
It enable you to go everywhere you want no matter when .
You can also stop caring about how much you taking to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside of your trunk while it is impossible in any other means of transport ,
On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and no everyone could afford it .
It is not only cheaper , but also saves you from such problems as lack of parking places and reduce traffic jams .
I am convinced , that in spite of comfortable cars , public transport will be constantly developing .
After I 'll need to make some money , my parents will give me some but they wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
Science nowadays developed a lot , and gave the population a lot of possibilities like storing the stem cells and using them to heal the future health problems anyone could have .
We provide a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a well - known home improvement store , and also a large bike retailer with professionally trained shop assistants .
In this situation , we are nerves and stress .
Sometimes , your shopping turn out to be unsuccessful and you are desperate because you wasted money .
But , if you are woman and you are lots of money and time you will be always content during the shopping .
If we think about them , we would realize that we are lucky because of the simple fact of enjoy them .
One of the momentous human aims is to make eternal the life as much as it could be possible .
Each one make the everyday life a bit more easy , but a real progress on home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
This headband would be related to household chores such that if you would need to washing dishes or to sweeping , you only may to think about it and the robotized system of the house would send orders to each part of the house itself .
Having explained it , I am completely sure that this outline of my ' house of future ' will astonish and marvel everyone who read my sublime project .
How are you donig ? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I 've been to last month .
It all started when I applied for being a volunteer at this event .
I did n't think that I have any chance to get there , because of the big amount of rivals .
But I fortunately did it .
I attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing public about the programme and all the organisation stuff .
There were so many guests and I was afraid that it will be too hard for me to do it right .
After some time I felt sad , because I realised that I wo n't be albe to see the bend playing at the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entry .
But after the first song , when the audience started to sing and dance , our manager came to us and told us that we can go see the concert .
I was having a great time through the entire concert .
Michael do n't know anything about love and sweetness .
The only thing he knew when he came to Mandy 's home was this : The world does n't turn around him .
He came and the first word he said was :
And Michael do n't care what people think about him .
Michael the big man , who can do everything in the whole damn world , except care of his keys , I guess ... "
- I do n't repeat myself a third time : What is your problem ?
He taking his bag and he goes to the door .
Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone you are familiar with ) bully or force you sexually .
Second , I tell you what you can do to deal with it .
Be alert and do some precautions to protect yourself .
If you are involved , do not be afraid to tell the truth and let others help you to deal with it .
with an amazing riverside view that makes you relax and fell comfortable .
To sum up , I will recommend this place if you want to pass a great time and eat as your last day
Our interaction with human beings have pathetically reduced .
They are safer , cheaper and faster .
For centuries the population of the world has been dreamt of commuting anywhere comfortably by car .
How many of us stand from our bed already exhausted from the only thought of getting into a public transport ?
It was thinking about this major problem that , the governments from around the world has launched the greatest and ambitious plan .
New motorways , streets , parking are not longer sit on the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are reality transforming the world landscape .
I am very interested in to start a pet - care franchise because I like pets and I think all these services would be very helpful for a lot of people in my country too .
Just for saving time ?
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic but if we wo n't change our minds imediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that depict a low percentage of illiterate people , expresed below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia are above 30% of people who do not know read and write .
Developed countries figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose extremely , reaching almost a 60% in the case of female gender and overtaking the 30% in the male gender .
As we can see , an unequal percentage are shown depending on the area where the people come from .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists , visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city , dance Tango , eat traditional meet or visit a beautiful library are some of them .
Even if you want just go shopping for clothes , there are so many places where you can go , Palermo is known as a little New York for the disigners and well know marks , and technology is set on Recoleta .
So , Buenos Aires , also know as the Paris from America , gives all visitors the opportunity for meeting Argentinian tradition in only one city that involves the history and the culture of the country .
Pontevedra in its way to become a green town .
We did not even knew what to do with our garbage .
In many countries , it 's consider that the relatives are the close family and the only people with an individual can be just the way he is .
This point of view is based on , for example , that you shares an important bond with your family or that you know everything about some members , like your cousins and they know everything about you .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you could rely on , despite not always it 's true .
But , family not always guarantees these functions neither friends .
Therefore , I only would like to remark that family not means relatives , but those people with whom you can feel as at home .
That is , in any place suddenly you can find someone who could become in your most close relative .
During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I describe the same things under the geography aspects .
Here we found some very expert guides who takes us in a good touring along the park and the harbor reserve .
They had improved their knowledge making experience in the field .
We must come to library to pay a lot of time finding information we need on the shelves the earlier time .
On the other hand , we can assess the information with only a click button nowadays .
Clearly , the assessment become much more efficiently with computer and internet .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using internet is that the vast amount of information contended in it .
Simultaneously , some sources contended pornography and violent information which make many people afraid of using internet to search information .
It has five stairs and one of the tallest historical building in Kyoto .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for making beautiful , nervous mood of stories or paints .
It means " very scared and nervous " because the temple is very tall and it makes people such a feeling .
Next week I am going to prepare a similar party for my birthday .
Currently I study Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
It 's nice to hear about you , as soon as you arrived there are some secure options to you .
On the other hand you have the public service called Metrobus , in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
If you need more information about it , please call me when you arrived .
I am writing because I recently see your advertisement and I am interested in it .
I am having some free months and I want to gain some money .
I am studying Civil Engineering and I am a very energetic person , and I think that this ability is essential for the job that you are searching .
For all the reason that I describe to you , I am sure that this summer good would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
I think that it is a really good option to achieve experience and for doing different and interesting things , like organise sport activities , and funny activities for children .
He did n't mention it is a horror movie .
When I watched until the middle of the film , it is scary .
For several times I have already been on the similar position on a camp and looked after the children aged 8 - 12 .
2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually and what time of the day .
I think it 's very interesting discover how foreign people usually eat .
It 's typical eating pasta as a starter at lunch .
It is common having meat as a main course .
It 's more common eat pizza .
I hope this information can be useful for you .
The thing I like the most about myself is probably my hair , legs , mouth and hands .
You have to put a time to do your tasks .
Finally , it depends on that works for you , because you have to be constantly remembering the time that you do your tasks .
The Nazis can be everywhere , " he thought and unlocked the door with a little key .
" he whispered , " someone can hear it . "
Then he calm down and took a little packet out of his pocket and put it on the floor .
On the other hand , she was related to him by blood and how could he said No ! when she came and bagged him for help .
He entered decided that he will stay over the night .
well since my chillhood I always love weapons , my father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was until I was 15 when I found my real passion , and it was the archery , since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
if I would have the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to do not give up , because this ai nt an easy sport , and that is more mental than physical
In fact , the development of different vaccines would be possible to get over a great deal of diseases .
He was always talking about follow your dreams and never give up .
In 2014 I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they ca n't " come out " because of his managers .
There are a lot of disadvantages of being a star , of witch normal people do n't realised for example not having a private life .
Almost every their mystery come out and they are still judged , criticised or joked .
That is why a lot of big name suffer from depression or even try take their life .
They got so lot compared with unpopular people , that 's why I think it would be unfair , if they have also private life .
They ought to apprecciate what they have and stop complaining aboout their life , because there is plenty of people , who dream to be them .
They have not got expensive cars , detached houses , they ca n't afford travelling and their only entertainment is watching TV .
To sum up , It is hard to simply claim , that famous people deserve have a private life and being left alone by paparazzi or not .
Everyone from time to time need a moment of peace to relaxed and recover their strength .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed ; it is normal , that always in our lives something would be annoy us .
Day by day , the power of consumption increases more and more and one of the areas you can realize this is in the traffic .
People who have facilities to buy or finance something and looking for convenience , have a great desire to buy a car .
These things makes we think if the public transport has a future , after all to do all the things you need in your routine like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , is more comfortable by car than by bus .
Cars nowadays have technology that allow both drivers and passengers to have a better travel while listening to a music or use the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
People have been debated about whether private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
It was reported that for one hundred kilometers running , each car was consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of air polutted .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of energy , bus carried fifties of people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with the massed transportation .
Secondly , it could not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , however people who agreed with the idea point out that high quality and modern public transport such as Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
can also satisfy passengers who could not travel by plane and require to take long haut jouneys .
In conclusion , public transportation is still the first choice of people in the future .
Nowadays higher education becomes more and more necessary for starting a good career .
In general most of employers prefer applicants which achieved an academic degree .
After won another title he signed a contract with Ferrari team .
At that point his work become very hard and stressful because at that time Ferrari was n't a very good car in fact that car was only able to go fast in a straight circuits .
Three years later after intense work Michael restarted to put his feet on the podium .
Then Ferrari with Michael decided for a new collaboration , so the greatest become a test driver tried to improve the car out of the racers .
This unfortunately was only an excuse he was only pretending to retired as he already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
In my opinion these arguments depend on how efficiently designed is the public transport system , having in count number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
The city began to take care of the environment only in the last ten years when the studies created technologies for not produce pollution .
In the roof of the supermarkets are situated solar panels and it exploit the sun for produce energy .
This means of renewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't pollute .
During the winter the means of transport is efficient and not very expensive so the people can do n't use their car .
Besides , when the bamboos flowering and seeding they die , so until the new bamboos grow enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
Thus , the aim of this letter is to explore the possibility of realizing an internship in your company .
If you want to try , you can ask in some hotel : you are a native English speaker and you can welcome hosts at the reception .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous land for the wine , and I had already worked in a four stars hotel for high school .
IT was a good experience , the hotel has every comfort you can imagine : a reastaurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimmingpool , a beauty center and a church .
He was amiable and liked Metal Music like me , so we always spoke about our favourite groups .
I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm sure that you can find a great support in him .
Valpolicella has many location that worth to see : first of all Lake Garda , a lake with the famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , is the champion of high - jumps of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement even though he feels with force and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I am thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I injured , I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that this year will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition of Bilbao ( Spain ) .
" I was 40 years three weeks ago , I feel motivated to train , while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I have no an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life in the jumps and it motivate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking recover completely .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I had before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel at the 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February , 2015 as the date to return .
The Britain Gary Hunt already secured the prize of this series and from the second to the sixth place will be disputed with the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
I am located in the fourth place , but we are so close to the second to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is a difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools it down and make one feel less tired during one 's time .
This is my favorite sport for it improves health in some many ways and boost the resistance and quality of life .
It even helps reducing your belly !
This way , there will be less trouble when practising the exercise .
Does not matter how hard the players tried to win , the only thing that matters is the result .
Poeple wo n't stare a paint at a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge it only .
So if someone ever is woundering start practising this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
I would recommend them always remember that , so if things do n't result as they expected , they wo n't feel disappointed .
There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazz who are trying to know more about their private life .
It is quiet hard to have a rest when journalists are trying to know some exciting things about your private life .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to be on public and they are used to say something about themselves on cameras , so all the people will know about their life .
There are some moments when celebrities need some time to be with their families and friends and journalists must not touch such moments .
Good to know from you .
There is a lot of things to visit here .
It is clear that staff would spend more time on their tasks if they were motivated by their boss , while unmotivated employees are more likely to spend less effort in their jobs .
Many leaders believe that money is the best , however , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivate employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
Outside was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but nevertheless we continue walking through the trees when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael , when we went out , he was in front of the house , doing strange sounds , when he saw us , smile to us in a malevolent way , then made us to back inside .
To conclude , I hope my advice should be helpful to new starters of the sport .
In fact , there are always plenty of people every day so I recommend ordering at least one week before going .
Without shadow of doubt I am absolutely sure this could be the best option for our class .
I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' I change my point of view .
Everything came us a surprise and you did n't expect that this or that action is just taking place .
Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers , under no cicumstances can we miss it !
The profile of millions of recent graduate and professional people in Spain is a young person , well prepared and without work who are thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
To work abroad can offer you a good opportunity , maybe it would never happens in your own country , instead .
Furthermore , as well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your life conditions may increase the same as your career ladder .
I also have a little rabbit which is named Frippe , he is so cute and cuddly .
named " Djursholms ridskola " and at Sundays I often go
When I was eight years old I visited Thailand , it was wonderful and we lived at a hotel so close to the beach , I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
One day we were out to three different Islands in a diving- group .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister are going to Switzerland to go skiing in the alps , it 's wonderful and really fun .
We have went to Champéry a couple of times .
We have also went to Verbier , I loved the cabin we slept in there .
Three words that describe me best is perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist ?
A weakness I would like to eliminate is that I often think or say " I do that later " and never doing it or say the same thing when it 's time to do that .
Some of the books I like is named only way is up and steal the show and is written by Emmy Abrahamson , I think she is a very well author , another author I like is John Boyne who has written the terrible thing that happened to Barnaby brocket .
Right now I read a book called " the maze runner " it is very exciting .
Basicaly , the method is based in develop the main foundations of moviment of the human body , they are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped moviment , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , sice he was a teenage , he used to do a lot of exercises .
The roots of Parkour was developed by him and he taught some of Parkour thechniques to the fireman which he used to work with .
Some people say that David criated Parkour but , in fact , his father develop all the idea of the discipline .
Therefore , is due to its philosofy and the joy that I fell before , during and after a train , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
For lot of people , travel by your own car is more comfortable than travel by public transport like bus or metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , that it is very common when you take public transport .
On the one hand , public transport affords you to waste money , because the price of the ticket is not very expensive .
The reason is that when you use the car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or car lot of people are travelling at the same time as you .
However , changes always has a negative side .
According to the last studies , pollution increases this year in the biggest cities whereas it goes down in villages .
At the school , children are learning how to spend less water or electricity at home .
I hope these simple actions can be used for other people because the environment needs that we work together for a better world .
He had to control his employees and this way did n't take him so much time .
You can offer a delicious coffee , tea or cake and you can watch the beauty .
It may not be your cup of tea , but I think it 's the most interesting and beautiful place in our town . I 'm looking forward to see you !
If you get tired of wondering the streets then you can always enter the big shopping store Magasin for more indoor shopping .
Fashion , a popular topic .
I talked about this topic with a few other students and asked them what there opinion is .
An argument some called was:'In case we remove this whole industry , then there would be an humangous group of peoole unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
This question made the other group doubt a bit , they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
They told that if you wanted to be a model , you had to fit in a size of clothing which is really small .
Much girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' and got anorexia and those things .
In their opinion young people , also themselves , were very busy with fashion and clothes .
An example on which they all agreed was:'In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose next to who you had to sit the most people were going to sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
I asked them the question:'If you liked a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then have bought it ? '
I was gardening since the beginning of the morning , when the postman arrived .
At that moment , my dog was kidding with a ball that was small and green .
I was not expect any letter .
students who are not allowed to drive still using the public transportation and they will always do .
Insurances are so expensive in north America , most of householder are not using the car because of insurance , and also because of adding cost as fixing the cars , changing car oils and etc .
Finally , none will argue that the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not excluded the public transportation .
Although I was watching it from backstage , the atmosphere was the same as I 'd have been watching it in front of the stage together with other fans .
There is a lot of work during the concert preparation .
We had to check if everything is correct : sound , light , special effects .
Besides , we have to watch if the band have everything that they need : something to eat and to drink , I was responsible for it .
Even though we have finished the term exams , they have just given us a week free .
But once one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was to be ok .
Grodno is situated on the crossroads of great trading ways that 's why one could hear Polish , Jewish , German , Lithuanian there .
Its multiethnic population was the reason to organise and held the Festival of national cultures every two years .
It 's worth visiting because traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish shown alive make us feel history itself .
The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve or Zoo makes it very attractive to tourist visitors .
This is where you would find several shops that sell most African traditional artifact .
I will rather advice tourist to pay this market a visit to enable them have choices of priceless products .
In developed countries , four wheels gain high appreciation in everyday transportation .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its pick for 21st century , it is more probably green mobility overlaps it and dominates in people choice .
I 'm pretty excited to be in London from the 11th .
Do n't be afraid not to recognise me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but for your confidence I will be with a bright orange suitcase .
What can it be ?
I would like to visit Big Ben Tower and many other places that you will propose , but I do n't really want to see common tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
Best places to young people visit in New York ?
The Times Square is a good site for buying too , although the excessive quantity of advertisement is a little bit annoying .
Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , antropology and viewing a lot of types of arts .
As a result , if you use public transport , you have to pay an expensive subscription and different tickets .
On the other hand , if we do n't use public transport and every person use a car , pollution will increase a lot .
Eventually we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but they have to be more checked and repaired .
Usually journalists also following them all the time .
Sometimes happens , that journalists write some silly gosspis about famous people , which are not true .
It may be a danger for family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , because of them some could broke up .
They want to be rich and famous and they know , that journalist will be follow them .
If you 're a queen , member of royal family , from your birth you 'll be observing by press and magazines .
I mean people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language with different programs that television offers or just put subtitles to make it simple .
Besides you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if many severe situations are being occurred in your country .
Children learn a lot of things with cartoons , it can help them to improve the speaking and to know new vocabulary .
I always believe I can become an engineer and computer technician to invent more things since I was small .
After I receive more and more information about some successful engineer and inventor such as Steve Jobs , I realize that no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
I like the feeling of getting sweat and a great passion in swimming .
Therefore , to maintain my body healthy and my interest , I keep on joining the School Aquathon since I was secondary one . I participated the same events each year .
It allows me know my body state and whether I have relapsed .
Besides it gave me a motion to train harder and never have a thinking of giving up that I need to keep my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
I learnt setting a proper goal as it is a significant factor to success .
This goal push me forward to do better and better each time .
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after take part in School Aquathon and saw others got improved but not just me .
I reckon learning and trying more kinds of things can change my school life to become more colorful .
School work and examinations gave me huge pressure so I found a way to strike a balance that I learnt playing windsurfing .
When I step on the surfing board , all my vexation and misgiving were gone .
On that day I found something wrong with my position on the result board . I was shocked and decided protest for the wrongdoings of the race committee .
Also I got trained my body and become more healthy .
It is part of my dream that I wish I can have an invention to solve the problem in the future .
To know more information having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
After undergo this experience , I can totally understand their needs and I got my new goal of helping them in the future .
I get a greater passions in engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
Under the colorful school life , I undergo different type of experience and I finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
I think it is not a good engineer who only got skills of engineering .
Therefore I reckon my experience can trained me to be admitted as a suitable candidate of engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
People differ from each other and everyone have various professions .
Being a politician or a filmstar has something in common : those people are famous .
I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people which is deserved to stay in secret for other people .
There are a lot of cases known when journalists would make it difficult for a celebrity to leave some place because there were so many of those journalists .
Besides , being foollowed by unknown people ought to be quite a scary experience .
Some people would say that it 's necessary for usual people to know how the politician lives so they could know if he should be trusted .
I do lots of grammatical mistake when I am speaking and writing .
I like to read books and travelling to different countries and knowing there culture .
It 's known that over the years the system have improved and new means of transport have been offered such as trains and trolleys all of them with just one objective to transport a mass of people at a quick time .
On the other hand the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves have gone up over the last few years and one of the main reasons they have it because of the comfort , also they claim that they can get their work faster than public transport .
Michael sat in the bus and take out his dairy to calculate how much he have to invest in the tennis court .
She asked him when the bus is going to depart but Michael replied that he was also not aware of the departure time .
The bus starts after half an hour and Michael start talking with his parents over the phone and discussed his business .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered chips but he denied .
This is how they start their conversation and while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they know each other for a long time ... they got attracted towards each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning so Michael offered her to drop at home and the girl agreed with a smile .
At that time they felt not like parting but they have to and Michael dropped her home and returned back to his own home .
After returning home , Michael flash backed what he did in the bus .
Michael took a deep breath and look at the entrance door that was still open .
This advertisement requeste a group of young people to work in summer camps all over the USA .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I have twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I can improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good due to all this year I have been in English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate ; and just like that I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 , besides my partner and I prepared water activities when the weather was good , against ; when the weather was bad we prepared puzzles games , adventure games , etc .
Michale will never forget the day as long as he lived .
Honestly , as eight years old boy who knows Christianity close to nothing , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than a 3 year - old child .
Anxiousness got the better of him as he prepare himself to enter the sanctuary .
In his mind , the only reason I was there was just to see the girl he had my crush on and to know some of her church friends .
Some years ago people believed that private cars would be the main vehicle to move around but nowadays , due to economic crisis , most of the people have changed their minds ; they believe that public transport would be the main way to move around in the future for many reasons .
First of all , travelling by cars is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars should pay for gas , insurance , repairing , environmnet fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars ; if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot car accidents due to drivers are drunk .
I strongly believe that in the near future public transport will be the main vehicle to travel around the world , safe and cheap .
As he could n't sleep anymore he dressed up and brought his brother to the park .
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and advertised to the young boys to go to their house and wait until these unfortunately event was over .
Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know from were to take answers .
While they were walking back home they heard a journalist commenting what incident have happened to the park .
The only thing they could clearly heard was : - But this can only be caused by the contamination , although these windy day hasn't helped .
Jackson stopped walking and get distracted by a beautiful dog , Michael continued on his way unaware Jackson was n't following him .
Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts take his own conclusions to what could might have happened .
What I disagree about this video is because he is generalizing too much .
I think it is cool to have a social network , and there is nothing wrong to let kids enjoy the technology that became part of our generation .
However , they must be controlled and especially by their parents .
I believe the old values should have been taught for children in schools .
I am afraid more people pass through for the same thing
After that , we can go at cafe and take some good coffee .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best place where people can practise sport or can attend a yoga class in the middle of the wildlife .
Finally people can experiment the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which are really crowded from 19 till late .
In Mendez house in the suburb , Reilly found some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage quickly brushes aside it and observes a hole in the ground .
She kwew that he will be staying away for so long but she will wait .
She loves him and any World War was able to separe them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming , it was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor just like Jasons ' father .
She was so excited and happy , she did n't kwen what could she write for her lover , she noticed that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me his name will be Taylor as your fathers ' name , I have always loved you and I always will , do your best , come back as soon as you can because I need you , love Alison ' .
She could n't stop smiling because she had just noticed that she would n't be alone anymore
The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommending shops that might appeal tourists with different interests .
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionite about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " have dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
To sum up , famous is ambivalent and people who want to be famous should realize it before become a star .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we could manage for an interview on skype in the next days .
How the famous people feel and what they miss ?
Everyone deserves his own privacy , own peace , time just for him and famous people too .
They may hurt these people , they may ruined their life just using a bad word .
It must be really stressed when you ca n't come anywhere without journalists following you .
My town uses only uses electric cars because they do n't dive out carbon dioxide .
Moreover , large crowded cities using underground or bus are usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress of sad drivers during commutations .
For that reason , fomenting the use of public transport has been the main concern of most of modern governments .
However , that is really close to change by Google 's Self - Drive Car which is a new technology able to drive our car to any destination without humane intervention .
For instance , imagine going to work and order the car going to park home after take your children at school .
In addition , many other improvements like electric engines from Tesla are getting new benefices to this new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit whatever I want when I dance and only a few people is judging me .
My dad 's name Björn and he likes Tang So Do and to swim , he is 52 years old .
Last month I was training at a concert by decorated the scene and seriously came out better then I expected to .
I was happy helping those people , because money from the tickets were donated to a nursing house .
Nowadays people care more about themeselves and making good things for some of them is wrong !
I 'm sad when I see a nursing house but you know , there , people will never talk whether they do bad or good and in the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
I am really happy you write to me for some advice and I am very honourated that you want to spend some time in my country .
Now you have got lots of free time and I think that you must make a really good tour of my country .
Firstly you have to decide if you want to visit the North or the South part of Itlay because if you do a full immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you visit neither a half of all you have to visit .
If you decide to visit the North part I think is good if you start from Trento and his new museum about nature called Muse .
If you are a little bit tired of all this trip you can go to Sicily where a beautiful and special landscape can welcome you .
There ale lots of things to visit in Sicily and the most important cities are : Palermo , Messima , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
The idea to find a job that lasts thre month is great ..
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your hability , so I think that you could do some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts .
Personally , I disagree with that the money is the most important consideration for deciding a job , because there are several factors equally important .
Working in a company which is built up with good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily obtain the fulfillment and keep passion in job for a long time .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers the senses of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the working quality may arise greatly .
For example , the expenditure of food , drinks and commodities need the support from the steady income .
Furthermore , we may need much more money to have some activities , such as worldwide travel or outdoor camping for days .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care would be increasingly important with people getting older , hence enough amount of money as a stable income could not be disregard .
There are certain procedures in the beginning of a class which encourages you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
As a martial artist you start to get a great fitness and your balance will improve a lot as well as your flexibility .
Only then it starts to make great fun and you certainly will not regret that you have taken it up . Enjoy ! !
I 'm writing to apply for one of yours advertisement publised in the local newspaper last week .
As well as , take part in activities about cookering .
We can see each other in the centre and then we visit the city all together .
The perfect outfit can be a pair of trousers , a t - shirt and a jacket .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as it was announced in your web .
It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion this is a deceit .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer my apologies and a compensation for all the disturbance caused to me I would go to the main authority .
I live here with my wonderful family based on my mum Aylin , my dad Tom , my two really annoying brothers Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats Tiger and Smilla .
I got one own camera , it 's a Canon .
I wanted to go out to her so I open the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
Suddenly a powerful wind make the door blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .
And today I got normal fingers .
That was the most important fact about me .
Public transport was made accessible by reducing the fares and making it free for students .
Nowadays there are a lot of information about healthy , in order to have good food habits , sleep the amounght of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
In my case I really like doing spinning , I use to do it only twice per week but now I do that every time I can .
I think that in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when you was approximately 1 hour over your bike you 'll probably feel taired .
During the process people works a lot their legs , mixing different positions and speeds , And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
If you want to lose weight this type of sport is perfect because it belong into the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food whereas it is suitable to people that only just doing exercise to entertainment .
Furthermore from the first time that I was in the gym I have known nice and friendly sportsman who try to give me advice not only how improve my techniques but how avoid injury .
Although it is kind of hard for young people who finished school finally , to understand that it 's definitely not finish yet , education do n't stops from then on and it is one of the most important things to continue going to school .
Try to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those Imaginations are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
Now shopping became one of the best way to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone like it .
In the big shopping centre your pocket can be stolen by pickpocket and you can lost a lot of money .
Personally I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like look good .
So for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I try on new clothes , which suit to me .
But I do not like wasting my time too , so I usually do shopping in Mondays , because after the weekend shops are always empty .
First of all could be said that the society is spending more time doing relaxing things such as going to the beach or meet friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people is becoming lazier .
In contrast , the technology have been becoming more useful and it could do works that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
In other words could be said that if we have more free time our lifes would become better because we can enjoy with friends and do thigs with our family .
You ca n't imagine how I 'm excited about tripping to the UK !
After all those letters we sent each other , now we can meet for real .
I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visit once I got there , for example Piccadilly Circus .
At a glance it seems very original and particular , is n't it ?
I think it would be fascinating go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenir for my family .
Oh and given you 're a huge soccer fan like I do , what about planning a match involving some friend of yours ?
My country was attacked by Russia .
Friendship is one of the most valuable sentiments for people , especially for people who are in school days .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others are always exciting parts of social life .
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some support that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable , however , from where I am stand , joining a sports team is the undoubtedly the best choice .
Therefore , joining a sports team from where they can share same interests and relax is the easiest way to know each other .
They became to know each other because they both joined the same sports team , and then after exercised and played together ; they finally become two enviable friends .
How are you ? have you something new to tell me ?
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit to only one I chose the centre of the city .
In case of any questions , please , write me an e - mail I answer them with pleasure .
I personally love to do shopping and spend my money for new clothes .
Take part in the camp was wonderful because I helped for planning the activities .
Finally I a master in the kitchen I really enjoy made desserts and I was in a course of cook the last summer in fact I have experience in the kitchen .
And I know my abilities with kids , I am patient , confident and organize people .
I have particularly interested in dealing with various types of foods and meeting new people .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home which takes about 10 mintues to go on foot and i have 2 days off a week that gives me opportunity to challenge a new job .
I luxuriate the manufacture of the spellbinding models and the gift we get to pick in the dinosaur shop .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listening to music , my favorite music type is rock and of course my favorite band is Green Day and of course then my favorite song is stray hearts(Green Day ) .
I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins and Peter Pan , but I ca n't see dog movies because if there 's something sad like the dog dies then I will cry .
It 's placed in Rosario , Argentina .
It was built on June 20 , 1957 by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
In recent years , social media sites have developed and interpenetrated our society as the essentials rapidly .
While social media sites change our society more convenient and more comfortable as compared with the past , they simultaneously accompany some issues .
Most Bulgarian parents are not agree their children to start school at 6 years old .
However , Bulgarian government was thinking change the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
I think I ca n't compare education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studding in university in Australia .
Many green zones have been implemented .
We had a number of problems ; the first one is concerning the number of beds : You offered space to sleep for six persons so we excepted six bed , but we only had five .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with nutrition : In your brochure it was told that we will have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
Also the food will change in the future , capsules of your favourite foods will be available at the future in the mobile supermarkets , these capsules turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on it .
You can see whatever you want , whenever you want!There 's always something to watch for everybody .
I think that we should promise ourselves that we just watch maximal 1 hour TV every day .
By the way , in that day Everybodys were celebrating the Day of the City .
We felt happy because we have not seen for a long time .
Lots of modern messenger like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk , chart as much , as we want .
I have qualification in children , I am a teacher graduate by University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience in adventure sports , I like the country and mountain .
I do not have experience to work in the kitchens , but a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework myself and meals .
To know about other cultures and get new knowledge completly different from school .
to conclude , I think after school we need apply for university in order to continue working in what we like .
As the number of traffic accident has increased dramatically over the year , finding the best solutions has putted the government under pressure to whether implementing stricter penalties or using alternative regulations .
Nobody wants to pay an expensive fine or spend time in prison , so fear of punishment might be effective and prevent people to make the offence a second time .
Its penalties , depends on the severity , could include fines , licence suspension , community services or imprisonment .
People easily get accidents when driving in narrowed or severely damaged streets .
However , the increasing number of car ownership has been taken place of public transportation , providing more convenience to get around places to places .
Traveling by cars gives flexibility in our schedule .
We do not have to concern to catch a bus or train at certain time .
Such convenience of cars can enables us to use our time efficiently .
Maintaining cars is cost associative .
Not to mention not everyone can afford keeping a car with their budget .
In other perspective , cars require to drive .
In conclusion , cars are convenient , however , it is not for everyone use .
Our congregation has carried educational family camps with the support of NNNs Integration programme for 8 years .
Health improvements of some children can be considered a miracle .
Reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations leads to make our camp not possible to happen this year .
We are asking you not to stay indifferent to disabled children and to provide feasible help .
The idea that newspapers will diminish by time due to people 's perspective toward surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
They ca n't withstand one day without skimming through their pages with a cup of tea in the morning .
It is obvious that the daily newspapers having a respectful reputation are the ones which could be accepted by thousands of people .
In light of the forgoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect toward globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
Last week one friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and that she thought it was a magic place .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe , comfortable chairs and sofas , beatiful features and a really good - taste coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think in .
Althoug the most important thing is that there were not only friendy staff but they look like if they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
I 'm 50 years old and I 'm living in a little city named Monza .
This sport is not so hard , give me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and could be done outdoors and not in a closed sportshall .
When I came back from my job , in the afternoon , I wear something comfortable , take my bike and go away over the street alone with my thoughts and no one could disturb me .
Whenever I go out with my bike I stay on the way for two hours and I enjoy so much this time for myself that I 'll remain outside for ever .
The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey about knowing his grandparents .
That is to say , most small stores may have their own logos on mugs or even T - shirts and it is more likely to find handmade products in it .
For instance , my friends once bought a nice scruff with cute animal figure in a small store and I really like it after she showed me .
Therefore , the next day she brought me back to the store , we found out that they did not have the same scruff because it is the only one .
Second , it is true that shop in a shopping center is fast and convenient because one can buy all types of things together .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in a small stores because it is more likely to find the one and the only product while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
The changes on television are evident , it could be because the society are changing too .
And sometimes , programmes are so aggressive and gives people bad messages .
On the other hand , there is some channels , which show documentaries and programmes about specific subjects like science , math or history .
I spend a great time with my friends , but I have a few comments concering the organisation .
I am impressed a cabaret who performed during the festival .
you should think about reducing proces or prepare special discount for xample for students .
According to Russell and Norwing robots are especial machines that have intelligence to executed activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and have implanted in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , army forces , education , industries and agriculture .
We need to analyze and investigate the main problems to find solutions which may get better our world .
Reusing things that we do n't utilize ( like clothes , furniture … ) and give them a ' second life ' .
If we avoid them , the earth will get worse .
To help you , I need to know what do you prefer to do .
If you want to go to the beach , I 'll tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches because there are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
You have to pass some days in Fernando de Noronha .
If you want to come here in the Winter , you have to know the South .
For work , I advise you came to Sao Paulo .
I hope that I helped you and see you soon .
Even though , study a language become easier because of the internet , fluency is harder to get when you study by yourself .
Brazillians need learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
In Brazil , regular schools teach for students the basic aspects of the language and do not let them emerge in the language .
Learn English as a foregein language will make a huge impact in brazillians ' professional life to get a better position .
Learn English as a second language will help brazillians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers .
To the national championships in swimming , she was preparing since last summer .
But the daily duties , which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her the strong will to fait .
She knew that besides her , the race will be attended by the best girls from all over the country .
Only after a while , after a few quick and short breaths occurred to her that she fulfilled her biggest dream .
Teaching could be a stimulating working environment for students and teachers if it involved a rewarding career and the improvement of teaching skills .
I score 56% in my last test .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
I will committed myself to do the best to make your summer camp one of the best
It is said that no future for public transportation . I think it when I was young , but it is changed while I am getting older .
But it is changed recently , I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive by myself .
Most developed countries developed the public transportation system to low the impact of growing population .
Shared cost let the huge expense on developing and building the public system possible .
Public transportation is proved less energy consumption .
I still think the public transportation system will be growing on in such a crowded era .
How long haven't you use public transportation ? do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
The very well developed highways , roads , city streets provide a good foundation for the cars , look at the North America , the highways were developed anywhere , it 's really your own lose if you do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
Second , Human start to learn driving at the age of 16 , and they can master the driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) , soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still drive to their destinations as they got used to it .
so who care to bother taking the public transportation anymore ?
All in all , Public transport is not as fast as a car can be ; it 's not as convenient as a car can provide , so it 's future is in doubt .
Look around you , crimes and death are srounding us , all this people are dreaming to live a peaceful life without all the aspects of killing and sadness .
People are fighting as they can to only reach a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
The war in my country make me feel no longer safe .
For that reason I beleive that being safe is absloutly better than sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that the life will go on and oneday all of us will be satsfied with this life .
In conclusin , I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy , because you live a calm life without anything makes you sorry .
I start telling something about Paula Echevarria , she is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 years old and she is married with David Bustamente who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain , they have a daughTer , her name is Daniela and they are like a perfect family .
This hobby give me pleasure and good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
I 've started this hobby since 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of the singing birds , I spent one day in the week to take care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , change the water .
I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it give us the sense of nature , and fills the house with the joy and happiness .
By increasing the veriety of cars with new technolgy , people 's demand hasnt ' stop .
But are these new comers will be placed by public transport ?
As technology enhanced the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it beacuse of many different attractions that these cars have .
Furthure more , there are advantages travelling by a car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs is less in compare to plane .
But it 's not possible that every one have and use their own car .
In this case there will be a huge chaos .
Trafic jam will cost a lot , such as pollution which certainly cause more health problems and will make expense not only for us but for the others as well .
The solution is public transport again , which enhance the pace of life and make easy accsess by subways and special roads .
Furtheremore during my studies at University I have worked in 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
Except from that I am getting well with children and have no problems to work in the kitchens to .
I am looking forward to hear from you .
Studying English in your country let you continue working or studying without change your habits .
Studying English abroad is the better alternative , but it have advantages and disadvantages .
" Atacama 33 " is a recent American movie that tells the real story of a group of miners that keep trapped in a mine 700 metres underground in Chile for two months .
However the first 17 days in the movie could turn a bit tedious because the director focused in every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
The characters were perfect as soon as they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involve with the real accident .
Antonio Banderas made an excellent work acting as a desperate leader committed with the local people .
Despite some details , I think you ca n't miss this film if you want to know the truth of the recent miracle called " the Chilean miners " .
It is universaly known that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Everyone know that shopping is a good way to spend time and get positive emotions or just relax .
Even though shopping can make bad affect on our health especially we can feel tired or exhausted in the end of hard day .
At the same time there are one more opinion that shopping is always enjoyable .
People declare that shopping can make our mood better what in consequence will make as fun .
What is more , we can only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching .
On the negative side , the use of Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although search is faster , we can distract looking at other things on account of the attractive of the Internet .
The last low sound of the doorbell finished to wake me up."I am not dreaming " I thought , ¿ Who is ringing at this time?Then I jumped out of the bed and went down fast the upstairs .
But You were in Ireland , What are you doing here?I wo n't expect you .
I would want to do a surprise sister!I miss you .
Oh I miss you too and I was looking forward to you .
I hope you are a lot of time now with me .
I believe it is amazing the project that you are doing .
Although , it plays a freat role in removing the borders on nations , in a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just talking to a friend .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people such us with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , emails websits such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
Evidently , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because we are the whold day connecting , in our houses , moviel phones and computers at work .
I think it is a bohemian trip too because the train use to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in the literacy .
Although experts say the plane is the safest means of transport , I continue thinking It is very dangerous .
In conclusion , my main problem is the concern about how safe is the means of transport that I take , so , the train let me to be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
A feature of the volleyball is that the players have to rotate their positions while they are getting points .
In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball because it is a fun sport which you can practise with a lot of people , eleven people concretely .
I suggest at the new players of volleyball that they have to start step to step .
Put comfortable clothes and suitable shoes .
Young people may confront some health issues , making bad choices , like for drugs and alcohol and also a negative body image , including crash dieting , eating disorders and obesity .
Maybe a lot of people that are fat do n't have the time to do exercise , or they have other reasons , but that is not an excuse , they have to have the habit of eat healthy food .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce the obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy eating , and physical activity .
To get to the place they were holding the workshop in you had to come to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emitts a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light the synthesizer 's pitch raises .
I my second placement I had to perform lots of administrative work including typing .
The article and the lecture are about the attitude towards taking medical experiments on animals .
The lecturer opposes this idea , as , in her point of view , medical experiments on animals are not to be taken .
Firstly , the author informs us about impossibility to discover new types of drugs .
Thirdly , the author considers such tests to keep animal suffering to a minimum .
The professor contends this point by explaining that hydrogen is , in fact , not easily found .
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to be kept under -200 degrees celsius .
The professor contradicts the idea by saying that will not solve the pollution problem , because it requires to be purified in order to be used .
It means that after some months I was able to read the sheet music .
But a few months before the play , disaster occurred !
My sister had fallen down her bike and hurt her wrist .
At the end of the play , everybody applauded , never felt I so well .
He had decided not use the violence in this kind of movements , because he was concentrated about fought against the Vietnam War and poverty .
He was murder in 1968 , in Menphys , he was 39 years old .
However , the relation between quality and price of the products are believed to be the most essential points to visit Cáceres .
In general , shops are condensed in a specific zone so that tourists can find what they are interested in very easily .
In general , tourists think shops should be opened during middayas they are foreigners and like to buy things after watching sights around the city .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the ancient town as it has a medieval charming which involves visitors in that moment of the time .
Overall , the majority of the tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and besides it is very enjoyable to taste a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around to see the main clothes shops situated in the main street before to go to the heritage town .
I 'm glad to read you and I wish you to come to Russia for you holidays .
In addition , few years ago the Big Theater was restored and had gained it 's original appearance .
People were really excited about the show they just has three attire changes but the show was amazing , the lights and the sound was fantastic .
I could n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it , it was the best experience ever , I wish you could be there to see that .
The student had a great deal of assighment and projects , so he spent more time to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a computer to search latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired to do papers , going the gym to play basketball .
Therefore , not only did he get high score in the reports that absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry , but reduce the study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
when I studied in the university , I sit in the classes hour by hour in a day .
When I finished classes , I would like to access the health center not only to do exercises , but I could maintain healthy .
That 's why I like to go to school in terms of good facilities and widespread information to facilitate me to be a successful person .
In addition , my academics education also stand out in my student life .
Many times when people leave high school and they go to University , they realised after several months that the career they had chosen it is not for them .
You can work , travel , going to an exchange study , rest and do something that you are interested .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and an one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday and besides I 'd like to learning in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
Twenty years ago , no one would think of the inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become the necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people just got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
Ipad , smartphone , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common -they changed our lives dramatically .
It is sad to say that the future generations have no choice but have to adapt to the changes in order to survive .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I am doing well with kids .
The film tells about a movie shooting and adventures of filming team which is in Bolivia .
They try to make a film which explains how Christoph Colomb conquered to America and mention about what Colomb 's aims were .
They come across with some problems while they are shooting the film and this supply quite a few strong highlights .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest by a critical perspective but while shooting the film , appear some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into a chaos and then film starting to give some social , politic messages .
The messages are very important which effect me .
The private companies try to keep public 's all water which is vital to live , rain is in danger ; Even the rain …
If the government provide good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines then people would rather to use public transport than travelling by car .
Now a days worlds are facing the big issues like climate change and carbon emission .
Government should promote the good mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emission and people would be encouraging to go green .
Many times because of huge traffic congestion on road we waste our time . while using public transport like Metro save our times .
There are many city in world , planning to car free days and promote to use of public transport .
In this fast - moving world , shopping is the one of the most important things but I strongly believed it is not always enjoyable .
Second , if you ca n't control your shopping habits , you will buy more and more things you do n't need , so that you can have a problem with your budget .
In my experience , being under the screen of a personal computer will you be able to show and exchange ideas or opinions easily as if you have to do in front of someone else .
However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
To clarify what the situation is , it is truth that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites but the fact is writing or reading in a blog could give to people a practical way to communicate and share preferencies , beliefs or thoughts , however , more or less reliable .
After to drink water form the bottle , he fell over the gress and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
Two hours later they were in the room of urgency of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were curing Jon ' leg .
If Peter did not had run , perhaps Jon should have die
description I have found at the http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know are you
I wish I would
Programming is fun and math concept absorbs much easier through it .
Nowadays I am living in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " , with this game I showed them what is the chemistry , we cough a " Coke " and " Mentos " sweets then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught what happens when you mixed two substances .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like the Nature , I could teach them a lot of things about the Geology , a camp is perfect to introduce at the boys and girls in the stones and minerals .
my parents name is Susanna and Peder .
Bonti is very old she is 13 and she are feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive so much more .
I play basketball on my free time and hanging out with my friend from my old school .
We all have things in common like driving scooter .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still holding the contacts with them and this trip was two summers ago .
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistisk and it can happen in real world sometime .
But if you haven't read it I suggest you to read it .
I have seen all episodes and I still watching it because it 's so good .
It 's does actually reminding me of my favorite video game , which is called Minecraft you must have heard about it .
I have played tennis since I was four years old .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places , and attending open air activities people also want to see museums of the city they visited .
First of all , people visit museums to learn history of the visiting city . We know that museums generally established to expose special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to expose modern belongings .
For example , when you go to Metropolitan museum of art in New York city , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belong to American history and also other countries ' history .
Many items in museums has cultural value beside historical value .
If you bored to see classic museums you can go to thematic museums such as natural history museum .
It can be amazing to see different sprecies of animals which are no more live .
In sum , museums are attractive places for tourist to discover about the city they visited .
In addition to having lots of information we also can have fun to see interesting things in the museums such as huge dinasours . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you travel .
Increasingly people prefer to use public transport rather than to drive a car for these reasons .
And now , when cities are widening , public transport will be more important than ever .
The last decades there has been an massive change been in our lives , this is caused by the development of internet .
This had been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on the social life .
The internet is getting important for our study because of the availability of information sources .
Almost everybody have at this moment at least one account on a social media like Facebook or LinkedIn .
I think we should use internet carefully and keep use it with cautious .
However , overtime i begun to understand how to play and i liked it much more than the past .
In fact when i was sixteen years old i begun to go to the stadium with my friends every sunday .
He wins two national championships and also an important european competition .
Every day in my town people speak only about football becouse it could give you a lot of emotions .
On the other hand , my advice that i give to someone who start this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsability and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
Nowadays , most people go by car every day instance of using public transport .
In the morning everyone goes to their job by car but I think that the real reason to do this is that we need to do a lot of things durind the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason , it 's only a bad habit and maybe we could be changed it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking the bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love lot of things in my life , but the most important is one : play tennis .
If you want start playing this sport remember that when you are playing every points are important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning with a very big advantage because in a few minutes you could lose the match .
Together with an unofficial Student council create a petition which is to raise the issue among teaching council .
For this purpose we need a quiet place to learn .
Moreover pupils demand is the possibility to borrow books .
It is the most important matter , because most of us is not able to buy highly educational books .
Our live has changed a lot from the last century due to the technological improvements and society changes .
This is a difficult question to be answered too quickly because we have to take into account that we have not enough knowledge at all to do it .
Another example is the cars which are taking the same way as well as the mobile phone has done .
For instance , one hundred years ago was impossible to see a woman working and carrying on economically the whole family alone or studying a degree in the university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that has helped to change the people 's lives such as political decisions , global wars and global economical problems , etc .
To sum up , there are many issues that affects people 's lives and we do not know how it would change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now it would be an important change as well as it happened these last 50 years ago .
In my opinion art gallery Oko Miasta would be the best place You can visit with your group .
I recommended it because it is the best place for young people .
This sport consist of beating the rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
In my opinion grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requieres you to be really focused on to hit the ball correctly .
Besides , when you practise it you must move all your body , because you have to run and guide the ball through the field .
" Okay , I think it 's time I go in " .
Disney has such a lot of amusement parks whose makes this place fantastic .
Although this place offers a very good service to eat , you can bring your own food .
For the above reasons I suspect that the share of public transport do n't decrease rather increase in the future .
Recently I saw some pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that caught my attention since the first minute .
They really caught my attention , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not couting with the astonishing actors that made an impressive performance .
I understand that you required for peoples have good English , energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who that are able to look after children among 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities as work in the kitchen .
Moreover , help in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for children .
In this way , the kids are always up for the challenge and do not give up upon their first obstacle .
In future he wants to get a general .
We have met us years ago , when we were babies because our mothers were and are good friends .
As you can think he is a very straight person , who knows what he wants .
The most important events takes place in some different country every four years .
Of course during these events all the world watch it .
I do n't want to appear too rigid but I 've seen too many times people forgot the real problem and think only to this thing .
People seems to be distract from their real life .
During these events people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the country love each other without show racist feeling .
I 'm happy about that , but I still thinking that it 's not the truth .
I 'd prefer that people express their good behavior independently of international sports events .
On the other hand , sometimes I 'm feeling happy during this event because people seems to be so excited .
I 've been interested in play an instrument since I was a child .
Powders by adhering physically to the fingermark residue developed the latent , chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark and developed the latent marks , single and multi - metal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and resulting in the negative development of latent marks .
so starting from powders to chemicals , all are in public eye .
New methods are continually added in the literature and shows the importance of fingerprints in criminal investigation system .
Have you ever thought why we need sports ?
As we all know it is an essential part of our life .
These are defined as plant - derived substances and occur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing processes that manage and remedy various health conditions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangir , 2010 ) .
This essay will discuss that there is considerable evidence for the possible detrimental influence on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
It is a movie that has presents a lot of richness in characters and historical facts .
This is due to the fact that it will teach a lot about the French daily life and about what inspires people to improve and cause good .
Suddenly , the man went back and looked at her .
In fact he wore a black suit and a lovely linen tie .
In purpose of building more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
Such large - scale building projects has created a large amounts of problems for both human beings and animals .
As to people who make their livings by selling the products they obtained from farmlands , forests and wetlands , they will lose their sources of incomes .
As a result , they will not make enough money to afford their livings in urban areas and even face problems of poverty .
Meanwhile , wild animals which take forests and wetlands as their habitas will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete . Endangered animals will be harder to be found after the destruction of their homelands .
They should provide economic support to those who once lived in such destroyed lands and help them improve professional skills to look for good jobs .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , the countries would develop better if governments could take efforts to solve above problems .
In my opinion is a few advantage of shopiing .
It give me some pleasure and fun .
Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by his passion ; except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to let his dream down .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutional at the same time , something that could give a new vision of the reality and Kate started to bring some information about many artist .
One night she was working at her home ; she was in difficulty because no one satisfy her clients .
She immediately took the phone and called Michael and she started to explain her project .
After lots of meeting and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , Usa and Oceany Michael began to be the man who he dreamed since he was a child .
Now he was famous and everyone respects him .
Kate accused Michael that the celebrity made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
Kate was crying a lot but Michael run away .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people could spend their time outdoors and having fun during all day before going out , such a park called : San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people are used to having barbecues there , after they had done any water sport or rented a boat .
In addition there are many public transport which could drop you off in front of the park .
At the same time , his parents reached the place and seeing the big crowd and the fire force they got horrified .
His parents scolded him and made him make a promise to them that he wo n't lie ever in his life again .
this film was about the previous roberry which had been accomplished by Vin 's gangs leads to the hatred of a criminal stared by Jason Statham .
the chasing of Jason Vs Vin was so exciting furthermore the walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason interrupted by another party .
The end of the story when Diesel get cornered by Jason , spontaneously Dwayne came and fired jason with a machine gun .
The next scene was demolishing of the whole building as well as exploding of jason 's copter .
Finally , Diesel was found alive and get evacuated to the medical center , where Jason was broughted to the jail .
Vin 's family lived happily ever after because the enemy was eradicated and the rest were got jailed .
This film will catch everyone 's attention because the scenarios , the action scenes , and drama beyond paul 's death are harmonized rigorously .
Moreover , the special effect which is displayed are so immense and lead us to feel the emotions of the actors .
I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson you promised me you never give up!. You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you reached it .
But again you never gave up and now you playing in the 3rd Orchestra in Town shows how big you are .
Then once we get on the car I 'd let the music we had planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any words .
Only after driving for a while I would ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he hasn't told me about but keen to mention now .
I 'm convinced he 'll speak his thought at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt will slip out .
By now he will be able to answer himself many questions he 's been troubling with .
It is a hard sport , but when you are it , you forget all your problems .
You just need practise .
Everyone should have a sport , when you are doing it , you do n't think about anything more .
Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to bring people from a place to another .
Try to imagine that , if everyone in the city has his or her own vehicle , we would be always late due to the terrible traffic jam .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning for avoiding the traffic jam to attending school , working , etc .
Too many vehicles in a crowned city would increase the carbon emissions .
In conclusion , public transportation would still pay an important role of transportation in a city unless the environmental vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well for accommodating a huge number of cars .
That experience taught me how important it is doing whatever you are required to do - such as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful later in the life .
For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city , he was requested to do a running around the pool for 30 minutes .
Nobody had noticed that the president of the social club has an award for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollars because of his effort .
As you can see , my friend lost the opportunity because he did n't like what he was requested to do .
If you would rather avoid essential or required things you 'll lose many chances to succeed .
Some people say that the computer change the way people see the world , and this change the way in which humans perceive everything that happens around the world or only in their social life .
For example , how one person can be informed what happens to the other side of the world with only a click .
Overall , people are divided in what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity , I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of the history like the parper or the wheel , it changes every aspect of the human 's life .
Movie companies offer all kinds of movies so everybody can choose something that he likes .
Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some doubts and I will be really glad if you could give me this necessary information .
First of all , I want to know what water sports do you offer , because our group of students would be probably interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surf , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
For example , for doing diving , are you provided of all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
In my opinion , this statement could be said for a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers travel in a freedom way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
Since my view , to use the public transport in this case have two important advantages : the first one you do n't have to care about parking ; the second one you can move in a relaxed way reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the petrol price is continuously raising but also you have to pay high taxes for the car .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than do it by public transport , it is not probably than in the near future they disappear .
As i recognized there are severeal way to improve because we are trying invent a lot of thing every day .
You would not think but when you are just thinking you may have the chance to invet something new and useful for humanity .
Inventors work years to reach their goals they are working with their project like you every day .
If the bus drivers can follow their time table there wo n't be any argument .
They will only follow the orders and wo n't be out of time and there would not be any arguments .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides she hasn't got married , her sister had died in a car accident , It had been a terrified accident , her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crushed into a tree .
If I had known that there were full of problems I 'd have gone on travel instead to get married .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape , I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them , I like her and she likes me so we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how but some guys get into my room and started to record my with the girl and I did n't noted then many days after I received a call from a guy that tell me that he have a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I do n't give him some money he will put that video on the Internet .
I think that he makes a wild goose chase he just bitten off more than he can chew because he does n't know me and I 'm going to make him pay for what he had done .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema , he is my friend for many years ago but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
I 'm gutted because he is my childhood friend .
He asked to me how much money should I wanted from Mathieu?Then I asked him how much do you need?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it".With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
In this album the drummer was really great and fantastic eletric guitar solos were showed too .
I am living in Chennai one of the populated city in India perhaps one of the most polluted city in India too .
The city is dwell with people , cars , bikes and factories , which turned out to be one of the polluted city in India .
The infrastructure build for controlling and maintaining the environment ecosystem friendly is worst in other words government and people do not care about the environment rather they spoiling the environment drastically .
The government always says the statement they are doing their best to improve environment but nothing as done perhaps they corrupting people money in terms of various projects that controls the pollution of the city .
The government is not only one to blamed but also people who leaving here , who never cares of their environment .
They polluting more than factory does , by using plastic material , disposing wastes in public places and even some people tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Although many factories and people is polluting the environment drastically but some people and organization is protecting the environment but most often these people are discriminated from society .
But they do n't care about this and continue with there work , often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generation and made some people to change the way look the city but often some most people do n't care about what they trying to say and sometimes these people are scold .
I have seen your advertisement and I am more than delighted to take part in a summer camp as an assistant .
In addition to this I go to the gym three times a fortnight and I took swimming lessons for 3 years .
Also I had also taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
Furthermore , I have worked in some important companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
By the way , I had experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because at the university I did a course of Public Relations .
Long distance between cities makes it difficult to use cars .
transport workers by public transportation or by buses is more convenient for big companies .
I think travelling by car is a very comfortable way .
You only can go to your car , sit in and drive away .
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
It would bug me if s1 did nt read it to say that is a porn novel
The two maps depict the main changes which take place in Shipsmouth between the year 1995 and 2010 .
One must recognize the field and the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to make a point .
A wall in a tennis field can be a good start to learn how to hit a ball .
It will be better of course to join a club or to get a trainer to guide .
Learning to do juggling will also be beneficial .
On the other hand , should be considered this opinion : Some of big names are important for someone who has them like an ideal .
Some may say that we do not need public transport anymore in the future .
However , I think public transport should be kept as it still have their values .
First of all , public transport provide the experience of the journey .
That is the experience can not given by car .
The air pollution make the climate change .
To sum up , public transport still have their own values .
Next to the blow - up of the North American steamer Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures that it could n't be done from the outside , but from the inside .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to the Parliament without previously notify their results to Spain and with the opposite conclusion of the Spanish commission .
Mackinley ask for the arbitration of the Pope León XII in the conflict and Spain reclaims North Americans to get out of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blow - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA rejected the Spanish proposition to carry out the arbitrage together .
If you can keep promises to your friends , that mean how much you really care about them .
I know how important of keeping promises . I always try to keep them .
So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : Do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can complete it or not .
I am going to wait for you at the train station .
he says I shop too much but the fact is he does n't want to spend money , he stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he stopped being romantic
after all of that he keep asking why I have changed with him !
The fact is he is not the same man I have married and that issue upsets me so much .
he keep saying I love you but I do n't feel it any more , I sacrifice my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him but seems like it was one huge mistake as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised me to be .
Despite some people would suggest that such service has no future because people are more rely on car as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has its future .
Firstly , the society today are more concerned about environmentally friendly .
The more cars on the road , the more green house gases produced .
Therefore , public transport play an important role to mitigate global warming .
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on road , solved the problem of traffic jam .
Everyone deserves to have a private life , even celebrities and stars , who is a life and soul of the party during their working hours .
It means that in everyday life they are faced with the same problems as we do .
They showed me everything I should do .
I love to help people and the best was I meet members of band and have the autographs !
It takes a lot of time to know any language fluently and it waists time .
At his 5th day of his trip , he hiked a very high mountain , but weirdly he never seen any people .
He went on , " Every room have a feeling written on it .
He was curios about how he will feel when he goes into the room .
I think , that everybody deserve privacy , including famous people .
They can barelly breathing with all those photographers around them .
Another useless thing are gossip .
Why are they even exist ?
For example , when fan follow the cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredicable or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
Why when men stalk a women they forbid him to come closer to her , but when a papparazi hide in car of celebrity , he will get a huge pack of bucks for the photos ?
We also can have more knowledge about current issues by Facebook pages which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes such as political discussions , strikes , economy ... As far I concerned , nowadays population know more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries where their Government ban to have access Internet to citizens , in other words , they want to mislead about reality avoiding population could claim bu this nets or up in arms against their system .
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends by facebook , uploading photos at any time , taking a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
Everything has been easy for him , he used to get what he wanted .
One of his favourite game is to conquer every girl he liked and break their heart .
She was describe as plain Jane of the campus .
It was a new thing for her knowing that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people on that school define her as a weirdoe .
She looked up and she was surprised seeing the stranger beside her is the famous Michael .
Seeing her that close makes him realised that she 's not ugly .
She 's gorgeous , if she would only take off her glasses maybe other people will notice it too . '
Nice then , do you mind going out with me on a date ? '
This guy actually ask her out and she 's not that stupid not to know his intentions .
She just challenged him .
She knew herself that Michael is just playing with her and she said to herself that she will never fall into his trap .
She 's going out with him .
Since then , everything went so perfect between the two of them .
Celine realised that Michael is not that bad and maybe those rumors she heard before were only rumors and they only wanted to destroy Michael 's reputation .
One of the things she knew about him is that Michael loves to surprise , that 's why she wants to surprised him too .
Tears automatically falls down her face .
Everything Michael did for her was just for a bet .
The next day while Michael is on his pad watching tv , he heard his door bell rang , he was surprised to receive someone now .
The last time he remember he never invited anyone .
He would like to invite Celine but he knew she would decline to him again and he 's not ready to be alone with her .
He knew how Celine loves having her privacy , he knew the moment he admit to everyone that he loves her , she would never have her normal life anymore .
He just loves that girl that he would protect her from everything .
Even if it cost him hiding how much he loves her .
When he open the door he was more surprised to see who 's on the door .
Is it only him or she was wearing a sexy dress ?
The next thing Michael knew is that he is making love with this girl .
I love you so much ' Michael blurted after what they did then hug her .
I knew everything .
I should n't have believe that you will change just for me .
Michael ca n't believe of what he had just heard .
The next thing he knew is that she was gone not only on his pad but from his life .
He just lost the girl he loved for the first time .
Micheal decided to get dress , he was on the way to the door when he saw a box of things he gave to Celine .
For some of us trade is a thing for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time and they are enjoying it very much .
For me , shopping is not enjoyable and I am trying to avoid big shopping centres .
The next thing about unpleasant shopping are enormous lines .
No matter in what time you come to shop , you will wait .
Of course I might go to a few different shops , but without driving license travelling is tough task .
It is a sophisticated construction , full of details , everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully fashioned according to that period .
Even if it has more then 100 years since it was built , all the original fashion are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
During the rubber age there was no urban life around the build , which is completely different from today of course since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the same age of the theater and is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warm day and during the night .
It really worth visiting Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell in your life .
Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might be us as standard weights to measure .
Moreover , in general , artifact of social symbol is buried with its owner after he or she died .
To sum up , the professor totally disagree with the statement in the reading passage .
In the future some dangerous diseases such as Cancer or Aids will be treated , and there will be no worries about them .
However , this can cause a problem for human and some people will face to the threat of compulsory redundancies .
I would say that some problems will happen and people will lose their jobs .
I hope the world will not being destroyed by human , but in the end everyone knows that the entire of the world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
And this story was told from the point of view of Leo Colston the lead character .
Besise this , it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child may do to help people without being told the real truth .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extremist sports are what we believe that attractives to tourists of this wonderful seaside city are .
Nevertheless , travelling by car can be posing a real treath to public transport because it is much more comfortable .
Car gives comfort because you can personalise your space and your ride .
All the same car is also necessity today , because very often that is the only means to get to where you need to .
Secondly , one car is making as much pollution as one bus which transports many more people .
We had never gone to Michael 's house before .
We were thinking that meeting there we will have a funny night in friends , but we were very wrong .
We never see him again , I think that when Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
It was long time ago when I have read this book but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
It talks about an ordinary young woman who has everything she needs in life .
After she finds out that her mother has committed a suicide because of some kind of fraud she decides to revenge her but she gets into a prison .
After she comes out she decides to make another revenge because of the same reason .
This book is very exciting because there is a lot of things that are happening and it 's not monotonous at all .
It is a really good book that should n't bee missed .
Recently , I have seen an advertisement about a job .
I have taken courses in the last 2 months in an organization that prepares activities for children aged between one to 15 .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have huge experience about what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allow me to be one of the team .
Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England and I had to remember that the time there were two hours in advance .
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will woth it .
NANY 'S has party dresses and wonderful shoes that you can use on special occasions .
You would fall in love with them as they are pstel colured .
If the idea of a street marke does not seduced you , I recommend you visiting a is a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other complements such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
In addition , The shop is very cheap and you can take a cup of coffee iside meanwhile you are shopping .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and make comparations in price and quality
The first place would be " Culture Centre " and the second one " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culture Centre " your young visitors will be able to join daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " they will have an opportunity to join many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
Additionally , since the young people are going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should subscribe to a Polish language course .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different plates for Christmas dinner , and I am highly probably the responsible for carrying those plates from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
If there were more buses or trains at any time ( also in the night ) , it could be convenient using them and letting the car in the garage .
So people often prefer using the car and paying for oil instead of the bus ticket but having more advantages : not to be constricted to wait for the buses and not to have to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example ..
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then letting it in every part of the city in the dedicated parking .
It 's a cheap service and it 's very appreciated from people who needs car not every day but only for a little time .
They sell clocks , but at a certain time their factory had closed .
In the beginning , one of them , looks for a job asking to the boyfriend sister , but fortunately his friend convince him to find another work .
One day , finding on google , the two friends discover that google looks for new people to employ in its company .
Of course they are much more older than the other candidates , and when the staff control their curriculum only one member confirm their candidature .
The google agency arranges a lot of people , and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
Of course , on paper , this group haven't chances , but the events will demonstrate something of different .
This film is interested because it drafts work problems but not only for this ; it also transmits some important values like , the importance of the solidarity , the group cohesion and the importance not to lose the fait in dreams even if the situation is withstands .
If I were you , I would start in Catalonia and I would catch a train which describes a wonderful route .
If you do n't like this idea , there is an excellent website which offers a lot of jobs and maybe you find something interesting .
I enclose for you the name in this e - mail , I think you should take a look !
On the one hand , I agree with the statement because everyone has the right to maintain a private life .
It has to be uncomfortable to go out of your house and find some reporters or paparazzi waiting for you to asking or to taking photos .
There are other famous people who not appear in television and they are chased by reporters .
It is impossible to take a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your privacy .
The best way to keep it is not be a famous person .
Last winter I had been working as a coach in my basketball team with kids about ten years old .
Have you ever thought about how the home of the Future would look like ?
House , which in we will be life in the future , would be full of complicated to use computers and robots .
Televion of the future will be amiazing , because it will have a 3D projector , what makes that movies will look extremely realistic .
Please write to me back and tell me , if you like the zoo or if you went on other place .
On the hand famous people intend to protect their private live , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
First of all being on the covers of rags help them make their more attractive for directors .
The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity give possibility to earn more money .
You both are like Romeo and juliett .But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother is admit into the hospital .
She has an accident today .So I have to stay here for her care .
Once more I am saying sorry .
I think You are understanding my situation .
We will make soon another plan after My mother became well .
My mother gives you the best wishes and Me too .
I enjoyed the past summer holiday , it is entertaining and I usually travel around Hong Kong with my family during weekends .
I have been to several places during the holiday , including airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , etc .
I usually wake up at around nine O Clock in the morning and spend the day by reading newspapers , books , and also digitalize some video tapes .
Besides , I find those talking about building massive structures and science interesting and I learnt some knowledge from those programs .
And I find the knowledge to be taught in some subjects interesting , while some are n't .
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
That 's why people choose travelling by car because it ' is more convenient and fast .
On the one hand , if you belong to a School you can participate giving information to the children about the cathastrophic image our village would have if we do not reduce the pollution in the minimum range .
Nobody has to be worried about the vacuum or the broom because it is provided by the Government .
For that reason , this town has a lot of facilities to cover that demand and to offer a good time inside .
This part of the city is ready to receive it because there is an intensive control to have access to the old town with cars .
Anyway , taxis and official vehicles are free to enter whenever they want .
It is known by Human history at least since 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , providing bad or good lucky .
In Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to avoid the Evil .
Even Homer cited garlic in his odyssey .
Experiments made with garlic and some types of bacteria , revealed the ability of garlic to kill some kinds of bacteria .
Thereby , the bactericidal effect of the garlic , probably can explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant can help in some illness treatments .
Therefore , include garlic in the diet can really be beneficial for health as some cultures believed .
Is it worth all the time , energy and money in convincing people to be responsible to their environment ?
I found out that the leaders of this organization are not realizing the beliefs and principles they are imparting to the public .
They are not a good representation of their ideals .
I backed off and decided to just continue to do my personal contribution in helping mother earth .
Maybe we can not convince the whole world participate in helping the environment right away , but it can begin with ourselves .
After my awareness of what was happening in our natural resources , I am very glad to have been doing my part .
Forthly , I am only buying organic products for consumption and keeping a small spice garden at my backyard .
To begin with I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me some professional advantages have in my career as a school teacher .
Starting in April or May could be right for my schedule .
I reckon my weak points are speaking and listening skills nevertheless I would be also interested in working over writing and grammar points .
He lives in the Netherlands for about a year .
He had chosen to study Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and the Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
She was very kind and she was smiling all the time , he offered her a drink and late in the night they went to her house where they spend the night together .
I know you 're looking for interesting place to visit so I want to offer you place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and spend great time with your group .
There 's also something for someone who do n't like risky play .
Going forward , it should be the preparation of metal plates .
In this step , skilled machinists is required .
Then print the banknote .
In this stage , pay attention to the colour , special ink and images slightly raised is necessary .
There will be a third situation .
So , I 've tried to translate your French on Google translator and I 've could n't understand what you mean about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to write English and I have an intermediate level .
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points has served as a lever to his team that has improved dramatically .
I really enjoy watching him to play a lot .
The service is always great , the clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done , while clients are waiting they always give a Indian food .
The problem is that I 'm only sixteen ... what could I do ?
Public transport is not as valorated as it should be although a lot of people uses it every day .
For those reasons and some others I think that public transport must be there for many years .
It 's one of the biggest countries in Europe if you think about the area Sweden have .
Anyway , about one thousand years ago Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway was Vikings .
But because Sweden accept so many people to flee to Sweden from the wars in the northern parts of Africa and the southwest parts of Asia .
There are though a problem with jobs .
It 's called Spotify and have grown super big .
In Sweden gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that have made a game called BF or Battle Field .
It have been a great succes and is one of the best games in the world .
That can be really painfull for those who is n't from Sweden from the beginning .
Or for those who does n't have swedish culture .
After the handover in 1997 , it becomes a special administrative region of China .
Since it is located in a specific area between China and the western , both cultures are also being popular in there .
Despite the land in Hong Kong is just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millions citizens are living in there .
From 1980 's , it is developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters in there .
Compare with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing with Singapore to be the prime leader of the Asia .
For languages , Chinese and English are the main languages which using in Hong Kong .
For the education , every developed country is concerning with the issue .
Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital to develop a better education system for building a knowledge - based society and the better future .
When you go by car you may control your timing , stop at will and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you ; while on public transport you should pay a ticket for every single rider .
I am writing in response to your advertisement , which appears in this month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .
As well as I have also work under pressure and meet deadlines without any problem because I am used to be resourceful and manage time efficiently .
I want to improve my English pronunciation skills so I can be able to understand native speakers .
I want is to be fluent so she can understand what I want to tell her .
Now I decided to improve my writing skills because once it became improved I would be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
Thank you for sending me the correct form of my writing and I am really appreciate that very much .
His name is Mohamed but he is normally called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the Country where he is working .
He completed his studies six years ago but since then he was unable to find a proper employment in his Country .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coasts in 2011.Helped by a Senegalese community , he has eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
Despite his high qualified studies in education , Mohamed had to carry on a job in a completely different field .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , since more than 5 years , Europe is suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the youths , including the highly qualified graduates .
Therefore , once graduated , qualified youths find themselves to face both the economic crisis and a hostile job market .
I believe that Governments from different Countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to worsen the impact of the economic crisis .
I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could define myself a sportswoman .
My passion for travels goes back in years to when I was just a child : As I am a curious person I like tasting new foods and discover new places .
Therefore I think this experience of three months can offer me a unique chance of growing as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
A couple years ago I have spent a couple weeks in Bright with Ef .
During this period I have shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
We got on like a house on fire and I still keep several wonderful memories .
As the 6th of September there is going to be the university entry test for Medicine , I will have to flight back to Italy for a couple days .
Because , when we decided to go for a shopping and have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
Sometimes , shopping - particularly for women - is the best way to ameliorate the mood .
For example , when we staying at the queue , coming to the cash register and it appears that the price on the label is more expensive .
Because everybody drive their cars and motorcycles on road that the traffic jam will not only be the serious problem to the government but also be the safe problem to citizens .
Therefore , the government need to make a good traffic policy to ensure citizen 's safety and welfare of have privilege of driving on road .
If there is so much vehicle on road , it may cause several problems .
One is that people may stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours , the second is the more vehicle on road that means the more exhaust would be emitted into the air , the last and the most important is the gas and oil would be depleted .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and human 's environment such as riding bicycle or waiting for environmental - friendly car being invented .
The lifestyle of the people has changed completely in the past 20 years .
In big cities where people live a more isolated life and always in a hurry .
There are many people who have experienced a carcrash , or just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport system .
Those people who has mental or other serious illness does n't allowed or not able to drive a car , for them public transport system is necessary .
We are an underdeveloped country , like other countries says a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
Recently my country is starting to develop their resources , our renewable energy as wind , solar , hydropower , geothermal energy .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not in other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could give them or how we can reuse the energy .
Traditional energies are focus on give to big cities all the resources .
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better live , but if we start to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need of energy would be decreased .
They need resources to improve their live condition until my country could has the possibility to give them a better live opportunities .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is big cities , without looking and help the surroundings .
Nowadays my country have started to build a great number of hydroelectric , wind parks and we also starting to think on geothermal energy .
All of that require further studies have been done and with that , we could know the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
Sustainability is not about searching for resources and then build large constructions to extract them .
Sustainability is about found the better way to interact with the environment .
It is like to make friendship with nature and knows that what it needs of us and show what we need of it .
Starting to interest in alternative energy and try to see forms to use in your native country is the first step .
The implementation of projects not need to be only for spending money .
In a good way implementation of projects helps to improve citizens lifes .
It encourages people to plant more trees and cutting of them have been made a punishable offence .
Burning of leaves and other waste products have also been made punishable offences .
Gradually , people of the city are getting cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying best of them to keep it clean and safe .
Installation of solar heater , solar lights , use solar cell watches and driving electric cars are in vogue in the city .
It was writing by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows de daily life in a fictious hotel .
Particulary when the owner gives orders at the waiter , this situations became hilarious .
It was a shorter soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end it seems you know them for a long time .
I recommend it to enjoy .
Its shorters stories have have a funny and relaxed time .
It indicates that more kinds of species are endagered for they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining lands .
Vegetables and other food planting on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of human may not be meet one day .
In addition , supervision of the protecting steps need to be undertanken by the government .
Anyway , to key to protect our living environment from being destroyed is to do it by we indivisuals step by step .
I 'm looking for à language centre which prepare students to take a Cambridge exams especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've heard about your classes and your method seems efficient .
As I 've been taking a year off , I am available at any time in the week .
We never hid anything from each other .
He forgot he had a doctor 's appointment and he was running late .
How could he forgot the time of his appointment ?
Hopefully for the next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this again .
Some people suggest that we have to avoid treating them this way , while the others maintain the opposite view .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as a family members because they are loyal , have souls as well as they are human friends .
A snake tried to bite my friend but his dog at the last moment saves him and took that snake away .
He made an action which many other people could not .
Secondly , reason for my propensity of treating pets as a family member , is that they have souls .
they feel as if they are humans .
They feel our love towards them and they can exchange this love with us .
Everyone has to treat them in a kind way .
They will never try to hurt any human being so why people try to hurt them .
Many people can talk with their pets as if they understand them .
He always told me that we are fine referring to him and his cat .
Are you still in Barcelona ? We can meet up next month because I will have holidays .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had a chance to pass my childhood at Kent .
Please do not resist contacting me if any further information is required .
Unfortunately , my scholarship was ending and I was thinking about backing home .
I liked a lot my project and I wanted to follow in it but my project manager was worried .
It was my boss , he told me : " Go ahead ! , the project follows ! " .
I hung up the phone and I go out to celebrate the moment with my colleagues .
Our goal was increasing the storage capacity in several days .
Nowadays , our team have grown up and we are thirty people .
He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework ; therefore , he ran back home quickly , and start finishing his homework .
While Peter is doing his homework , his best friend - Tommy , invited Peter to play football together at night .
However , Peter decided to reject Tommy 's invitation , and continue to do his homework .
Ten minutes later , he felt bored and wanted to play some video games , but he had lots of homework to be done .
After that , he took a deep breath on his bed and made his final decision : he decided to keep on do his homework and project .
Maybe the day itself would n't be extraordinary , but , for sure , she will remember it all her life .
In the near future , she will explain this day to her friends in a pub , probably her new friends .
Not everyday you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
The day before all the clothes which were inside the luggage had been classified on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
She was trying to find a job for a year but she was n't lucky at all .
It was not easy to leave a daughter go on her own .
They think that this group of people has just a better life and things are going very well .
But people should realized , that there are many advantages and disadvantages of being celebrities .
No matter where famous person goes , he must realized , that next day he will be on first page newspepers with lots of rumours .
Beacuse , what is proper in living when journalist following every step the famous person takes ?
We all are free people and everone deserve to have his own life .
In my opinion journalist and other people should accepted and respected it and sometimes they should just let go .
So , I think , that they must have known about the consequences and just live as they like .
I resigned from my last employment because the restaurant had been closed for a long refurbishment .
Finally I can say that the Colosseum it 's a fantastic construction as for beauty as for importance and if a tourist came in Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum
The first lesson was about painting , but because of the lack of equipment , we could not painting .
When we complained to the course teacher , we were told that things do not depend on him .
He was not helpful and unpolite .
The hotel would have many services and facilities like a good reception , spa , wifi conection and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef who did the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boat for trips around the mediterranean sea .
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important is that the people were happy in their accommodation , if they are happy they will return next year .
One day a friend of mine was going to an amatuer theatre to see a musical and asked me if I would fancy joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , even though I went .
I wandered if he was planning to enter any drama school .
They can do nothing that could n't be gossipped about .
When it turns out that all who we got used to idolise are just people with their shortcomings , we become disappointed .
It all began a rainy morning of July , school 's out for 10 days and as a results of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to pass the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to your friend and thought to steal the keys of one of their millionar house and take a party with his friend .
But the house was destroyed and the neighborhood furred for the confusion caused during the night had called the police that without his knowledge waiting outside the house Micheal to take him to the police station .
As I am 13 year younger than my brother , our parents stay more time with me than with him .
If people recycles , rubbish will be given a second use , and rubbish dumps will be shrunk .
decorated with a phrasal verbs
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
then let your wife makes the decision , finally , if you are broke up recently , then do n't do anything , just light up your cigarette and hang out with your xx - girl friend ,
okay , let us back to the decoration ,
Even though she had forgotten to turn on her alarm clock , she woke up at 7 sharp as she wanted the day before .
The weather outside the window were totally different .
Moreover , the next day her party is held .
When Anna came back home , she saw a huge bunch of red roses and behind it Mark was sitting .
She started to shout and cry , because she was very happy that her fiance came from abroad one week earlier than he planned .
Going travelling , people may scheduled various destination and time .
According to the above reasons , car travelling will be the best choice .
You do n't have to wait until public transport arriving .
Most of the time , pet is not allowed to be in a public transportation , which not a good thing for a pet owner .
The conception of beauty has changed since people started thinking they need to be thin to become pretty .
Also , she admitted she would do anything to have a perfect body .
Doctors said she has become an anorexic .
Nowadays , It is painful that not too many people realize how degrading and dangerous this job could actually become .
I had never felt so nervous when about six months ago I decided finally to join the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
If I would like to pass the exam , I had to improve my English skills .
I had been learning English for the last six months .
I had studied English at least two hours a day and longer .
Very soon I had recognized that the process of learning was not easy as I fought .
It was pretty sure that a lot of work had been waiting for me ahead .
But I am really lucky person . I had found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some colleagues who had the same aims as mine .
We had been meeting for learning frequently .
We had organized some additional exercises , such as English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
Because we did n't live in any English native country , we had tried as much as possible to create an English speaking environment .
Finally , we take the FCE exam .
clothes wearing changes very quickly .
pop and disco music is something all young people like .
it depends what season your doing the festival .
All in all , I think those tips help you and I hope you will
With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work , I am interested to apply .
I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years since my kids was born .
I enjoy cooking and interested in different kinds of food , especially Asian cuisine .
I had expenience in cooking food and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parent Association of my kid 's school .
These are invalunable and relevant experience to the job I applied for .
Although the plots full of turns , they still very reasonable , and not make their audience felt that the plots are very strange .
For example , the first one 3 dimensional movie , Avatar , the movie maker spend a lot of energy and time on developing the novel movie genre .
For instance , we can know many foreign news from watching CNN .
The news in CNN including events which are happening all over the world .
There is some truth in the claims that watching movies and TV programs is a relaxed activity .
However , I still consider that if people can learn some foreign culture , or appreciate the spirits which foreign films contain , they could get more reflection as recreating .
With an intense passion in fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and initiate myown branding business with my older sister and her husband .
It is said that the main objective of telelevision is entrentein people and make their free time happier .
For this reason , instead of entertaining , television should contain educative programmes .
They are used to manage different technologies as television or computer .
I think that children ca n't be supervised for their parents all the time because they have to work and make home tasks .
For this reason is important for them having a good educative programme on television .
Television is very important to give language skills to children .
I suggest everyone go to this place because not only is the food good but also the owners are very friendly .
A most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who worsks in a department store and always planning how to make people life more comfortable and better .
Should I go if I do n't know , who send this to me ? "
I were absolutely excited .
There was she , staying front me .
How dare she could come to my door!There was no words to express my feelings ...
I could n't get in touch with him whatever I 'd done .
He 'd set walls between us .
The congratulations words below the picture was explaining everything : He've got married to someone else !
What happened all those words he 'd given to me !
All the answer I could take was a huge silence ...
Now , after all those long years have gone by with full of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I have was the memories which saved by him into a little wooden box .
Then , the large number of entertainment programs broadcasted discourage those who want more cultural or factual programs , as they have been drastically reduced .
It seems a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's up in the World .
Moreover , on television there are a lot of advertising constantly interrupting the broadcast , and of course this fact is very unpleasant .
There are also positive things that we have to take into consideration before to condemn it .
For example , the wider choose of programs from all over the World , allow us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhance our knowledge .
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right of having a private life and the right of living without journalists following them to everywhere .
Thirdly , in my opinion they have the right also of selling only the parts of their lives they want .
To summarize , I believe that everybody deserve to have a private life .
We might go to the most representative places of Mexico such as : Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
In mexico , a foreign person do not face difficulties to be hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my contry . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
perhaps we can go to the city zoo in order to verify wheter there are any vacancies that fit with you .
Something I can do is to make some research about the places that need people who speak Englsih fluently .
As you know , in this country if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chances to obtain a great job .
I played wrestling at the College .
This sport is performed in a group of twos .
It is performed one after the other according to their age groups .
Wrestling is new sport , which is unknown to many of my colleagues at the College .
It is played by both boys and girls .
Wrestling is performed during the night time when the moon light is on .
Wrestling is contested by two people while others wait for their turns respectively .
This were all the beautiful girl are shown to the young men of the community .
It takes place in the middle of the village where there are enough space for the spectators .
Referee advise players about the rules of the game .
This is a sport performed by young people only .
The rationale for the College are : to educate the student about our culture , ritual , values and out ways of life in the village .
One child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time , this child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , but they are listening to their parents speaking English their native language all the time and this let them learn without any difficulty .
After my graduation , I was employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have recently attended a course about first aid so I would be ready to medicate children in case they get injured .
Construction will be ameliorated .
He has been admitted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent a surgery .
Mr keefe 's general condition has been improved .
Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you can organize a home visit and provide further assisstance for this family .
My family are n't so close and is distributed in many cities on my country , after some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
Everything was amazing , a lot of memories , we laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watched movies , swimming pool , among others .
Family is one , and we do n't know when can lose them .
In my opinion travelling by car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport because you can choose where do you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
Travelling around the city by car was faster than public transport .
Sometimes public transport is interesting because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
The problem to use our car instead of public transport is the pollution .
If everyone use public transport climate change does not increase more .
I 've seen your letter and I 'm writing this to you to say what I do in my country to help saving the environment .
Also , it would be a good idea go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathing , because this it is always a good plan .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them required the passport , so if you are younger than 18 it would be difficult to enter .
In addition i suggested going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoening , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoy the countryside
We are always go to the cinema to watch a new one .
My favourite kinds of movie is comedy and drama comedy because it has interesting plot and person , who watches comedy can lought all the time .
While person is watching this kind of movie he / she is just relaxing and has a good time .
Now I will further developed our last statement .
Some people like to calculated the gain or lose from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dolar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
So it would be very well if you take a warm coat and an umbrella .
On the one hand everything is very cleaned including floor , bath and corridors , in addition , if you are a disabled person you will not have any trouble to get there because there are some ramps to help you come in .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's a loud energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we get home with a huge headache .
I pack my backpack , take my garbage bag and look around my room for one last time to make sure : I do n't forget anything . I go downstairs and put the garbage bag into the trash bin .
I go to the garage to take my motorbike .
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrender its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , by which Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupted so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy is worsening someday , Taiwanese government could simply mimic what Japanese government did in 2012 .
Therefore , Taiwan would not be sunk down like Greece .
Once upon a time a mason called Nick that had a family of four , two sons and his wife but they had conflicts with the studies of their children , the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they were in poverty .
His kids dreamed with a big house that has a pool , a third floor , Jacuzzi and a beautiful landscape to the beach , also they wanted to have a dog , if they had one it would be called Winy .
They told every dream to their dad , and they know he would enforce it even though under the circumstances it seemed to be impossible he would try .
Next week a cousin that he did not know , he was a very reach man and when he knew about their problem he decided to help so he gave them an incentive .
He said that if Nick makes a house of two floors he would buy it and pay the studies of the children lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible
After months of working in the house he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they want .
When they got eighteen they could get a good job because of their good studies .
The pie chart shows the principal causes which justify why agricultural lands became less productive , whereas the table correlates these causes with three different regions of the world which had land degraded , namely North America , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
It may be justified by the fact that there was an excess of chemicals in the agricultural activity .
In the first case , Europe reprented the highest percentage of land degraded caused by deforestation and over - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
This was a great impact on total land degraded as Europe was more affected , with a total of 23% .
If you travel to Guangzhou , you ca n't miss this series because this is a symbol of Guangzhou .
The tower has a special name called ' slim waist ' because the shape of it is twisting .
However , we consider a friend that person you can have fun with , laugh and meet . I 'm use to do that with my parents and my brothers but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Moreover , I think that I should n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried for something or someone , in fact I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
In my opinion I think that I should have more confidence with my family and remember that they wo n't leave me for something I had done in other way my best friends can do .
In my town , there is no future for public transport , because the time necessary to get to the city centre is the same walking or by bus .
On Sunday , the bus do n't work until 3 p.m.
At the same time , you can get fit walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have the problem for park your car .
You will expend the same time travelling by bus or walking , but the difference is to get angry or not .
If a person wants to trevel from Kano to Lagos he has no choice but to track .
Therefore , is not easy back there for anybody to use other means because there was non .
I believed that technology really improve our ways and means of our transport .
So whoever want to star a journey has several choice of transport , eaither by sea , by air , by land or by foot .
I can not forget to talk about cars , lorry and vehicles .
Although I took part in many competitions , there are one which was the most enjoyable experience in my life .
I have to swimming in the Parana 's river with all the swimmers and coaches .
First , when I was in the starting line I felt could not finish the competition , then when we were in the water the coaches did not stop to encourage so was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting for us clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
If you are interested in taking part in this sport , I would suggested to buy all the equipment you will need : a comfortable swimsuit , goggles and a huge bag to keep them .
People got attracted towards her quite easily and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
He had been blind by rage .
He had done such a huge mistake .
Each and every colour glow in the dark giving hope out of the darkness .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I highly agree with because the extra traffic caused due to the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals cause massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad to the health of the walking , cycling citizens , especially young children , babies .
The day before I started to freak out thinking that I was meeting them .
Else the ticket for the concert I bought the VIP ticket as well , so I had to go before to Birmingham , because the entrance to the venue was at 17:00 and as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 've never been to Birmingham I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event took place .
At 17:00 they let us in the venue and they made all the checkings .
When everybody took their photos , Emblem3 got backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it sterted .
I left the arena at midnight and I went to an hotel that I did already book online .
You also mentioned that I would need to work in the kitchens helping .
I could also add that I know how to cook for lots of people .
Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to make your own schedule while public transport limits you to a timetable that not always meet your needs .
After cars prevailed among the public , our governments have tried to pave rough roads , which promotes people to use cars even more .
Nowadays , it might be argued if the current transportation system would be working in the future like present , while there is a still big room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
For a start , the convenience for us to travel around would probably be one of the main arguments .
If a car which emits no serious global warming gas would be developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce our use of cars , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them we could not find more eco - friendly and efficient ways than public transportation .
All of the world is constantly changing - develop a new technologies , people invented new think .
I think that the home of the future will be different than now , but the main function of the home wo n't change , because for ages home have been a place where people can feel safely .
Everybody think that home is refuge .
Home should associate with family , happiness .
Having a car takes much money .
People do n't have to possess their car paying much money .
All my life I practiced sports , but definitely my favorite sport is squash .
The first year I went to a tournament in Torreon and I win the first place , during the first 3 years I was ranking in the first 10 places of Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
Play squash is an awesome activity and is easy to learn , I love that this game is very fast and you do a lot of exercise .
For someone new in this sport I would recommended be patient and constant in the training , because the practice is what make you better and helps to improve your level , and finally always enjoy the game .
Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smile at the news of his colleagues and friends marriages .
He was so cynical to turn out to be very nasty and unpopolar .
Love last two and a half a year , he kep to remind himself .
They started talking blaming for the train late and after two hours they were still chatting .
The poor two had gone too far and now they had to come back .
For example , you must take public transport instead the car because it produces less pollution .
In addition , public transport is cheap because to buy a car meaning spend a fortune and in big cities , where are concerned about the environment such as Amsterdam or Tokio , there are many facilities as mobile phone applications or special offers .
In my opinion less people are travelling by public transport and started to buy their own cars which is more comfortable to use whenever you are in a hurry or not .
In the first place you feel more comfortable in your own car than in a bus for example . You do n't need fear that someone could suddenly stole your purse or you do n't have to listen to the others when you travel by your car .
You do n't have to indulge staying in a crowded place with people you do n't know .
Saving some money and buy a car is the best thing you can do .
In the second place not all public transports are in their best shape .
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking a person for working in summer camps USA .
I inform you that I 'm interested in the job .
My level of English is very good , today I 'm learning and working hard to improve .
Could you imagine my reaction , when he told me about it .
We were so excited , when we got on .
Before the show we were helping in placing a sounding equipment .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
In addition , there is recent statistic that shows a very high percentage of Saudi Arabia students who came to America to do set their master 's degree that they could n't get in university due to some requirements for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student who could n't accomplish their dream and go back to their home , I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into your university .
In this writing I will comment about one of the last mistake that I have made and its consequent .
I left my car in the plant with the orange color , but when some day later I looked for my car I made it in the plant of the intermediate color .
I spend quite time thinking and when I decided go to the police I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
I 'm nervous to see you .
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes It is sad that you only come for one week but we will enjoy a lot .
When you came out to the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant , then you must go to the left where you would find a big square with swings and slides .
Finally you would see a big red house with lots of windows .
First of all we always need to wait for it and it will run according to the scheduled time only .
Of course it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to confirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only for time but also for the problems that you can find .
The other question is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where , the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fuel the car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but after I see the price of this ecological vehicle I considered that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
Currently , people think about if they can get good english in my country or have to move to english speaking country .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , they will decide to learn in their own country or go abroad for getting english .
But They can only afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter that include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need high level of english .
Of course , you leave a lot of things , such as your family , friends , foods , places , own things , etc . , and nobody put up with being very far away from all these things .
Moreover , people about mid 's 30 years old , they do not usually leave their country and try to get new language from are living .
So , you do n't hesitate and move to the new country , in which you do not only get language , even different culture and lifestyle .
The purpose of this report is to explain the that my town has become more aware in the need of taking care of the countryside .
In the last five years many new bins have been situated near all neighbourhoods .
On one of these bins are destined to plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottlebank and the last one is for cells .
Moreover residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respect the environment .
I strongly think that it is necessary to make people conscious about the importance of save the planet .
In addition , more people would help if they can recycle easily .
I would like applying for this vacancy because I think I have most of requirements that you are asking for .
First of all , cooking is my passion for ages .
That is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to join my love with cooking to my job .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well so , that is why I am accustomed to deal with customers and cope with difficult people in busy environment .
I would be glad if I could get an interview for giving you more details about my work experience , skills or what you need to ask me .
So , if you prefer save money and look fine , you have to visit ours outlet where you can find all that you are looking for .
If you are wanting for more information , just contact us .
Nowadays people 's life is having an unexpected change all because globalitation .
In the past people has to manage their time so they could go to their work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
Globalitation starts in the 20 's , so a huge amount of population has experience this change , in my opinion is kind of good .
The need of export and import items has increased in the last 10 years consequently the life of the people has raised in faster respond .
Everyone needs an instant answer to what they asking for , if they send an email you must received it in less than 1 minute .
The personal contact shows a decrease in this time because people do n't want to face their real problems , instead they can see all the poblems happened in the world by their smartphones .
Of course there will exist some more electronical things like some new handys , with functions we could expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
She loves us and she always looks after us when dad and mum could n't do it .
I believe that we haven't never thanked her what she did and do for us .
You 're agree with me , are n't you ?
Anyway , we should go to the mall together and there we will take the final decision .
It is true that both are advantages and disadvantages .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing , I knew this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
When you make a long trip you can go without pressure .
If you are tired you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax yourself , and if in the car there are more passengers you can change with them , so you will feel less tired .
Even travel by car , in my opinion , has a lot of problems .
People does n't wear the seatbelt , use phones , and even there are who drink when they are going to drive .
Every holiday , the DGT , in Spain , make an awareness campaign to remember us the good manners when we are driving .
In this moment there was a tropical storm , and the turbulences are horrible ; but a not time I have stopped to travel by plane .
It is true , that plane is very expensive , at least I never haven't be able to book a cheap ticket .
To sun up , all kind of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending of our necessity we use one or another .
The number of Mango Co. will grow up steadily from May to July next year , it will stay remain at 500 thousands of pairs for four months then get the highest number about 600 thousands of pairs in this period .
Besides I was not sure whether I should take it up .
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they where 20 years ago , scientist proved that if we carry on with our ways of living using , for instance modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
People where given the task to write a piece of writing of their choice using the resources already provided by the institution in charge .
Thus , this study concluded that in around 50 years from now , people will have worked , fed , showered and even lived without leaving there homes .
If technology is leading to those kinds of consequences , we should start to realise how to use technology properly without needing to eliminate it .
I am a suitable person for the job because I used to work with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old , also I am always trying to improve different activities therefore avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
To sum up I would like to participate with you , and I can promise you will not regret it , I hope to hear from you soon .
I promise you will not regret to come , everything here is wonderful and there are many places we can go to visit .
Is easy to get to my apartment from the airport , you can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to the powder street , when you get there you just call me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
The weather is changing , in the morning there is high winds , at the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happenes with celebrity ?
A number of recycling bins have been placed around the village and citizens are being encouraged to join several ongoing courses to raise their awareness of the importance of recycling .
To get this the council sets different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
For instance , monthly it is held a competition where participants have to clean and pick rubbish up from different areas of the village .
On one , hand military service must be mandatory .
Moreover , it can educate young people be more self - reliant , because the majority of teenagers at the age of 18 do not know how to be independent from their parents .
Because I do n't know what kinds of ingredients the restaurant put .
So the food I made by my own hands is safer than any other food that is made in restaurants .
But actually if you cook much you can use your energy so you can consume your weight .
Also if you cook three times a day your cooking ability will go up .
But if you eat at home you do n't need to be caring that somebody will look at you open your mouth too big or talk too loud .
Also the restaurant do n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes they give you too less food you do n't get full .
And as you know , throwing food away is a bad habit to do which makes our planet , Earth will be polluted
Fourthly , you wo n't have to waste your time going out to find a restaurant and come back home .
Because it 's not feel free to talk anything outside because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of " Virtual profile " , it requires time to maintain connection between links , friends and be part of groups , this connections will produce negatives effects especially on psychological well - being .
Right now people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which is more eco friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money in gas .
Basing on this we can assume that this kind of cars will be the only ones on the streets fifty years from now .
People like to watch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it substitutes books for lazy people .
I agree with people who think they would have no problem to leave their lives and start a new job in a farm only to be in touch with nature .
In addition to that , you can take some rest amidst the journey .
Besides the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions environments you are facing during the journey .
On the other hand , public transport now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area and so a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country , the authorities have been arranged amny procedures to ensure that the town keeps clean at the same time be environmentally friendly procedures .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy is that the garbage needs to be separated into 3 parts that is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycle bins , one for food and green garbage , one for only papers and catroons and the last is for the rest .
We are used to just turn the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need it .
The fare is high compared to other European countries and the fare system is complicated .
The punctuality of trains needs to improved greatly , too .
To make the long story short - you can not miss this event !
Soon one of them was informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris , which was heading for the Shuttle , where the two astronauts were .
Eventually the debris hit the Shuttle and thus more debris was created which took the orbit of Earth and moved around it with a very high speed .
The damages which the impact of the debris caused to Shuttle were catastrophic !
All of the crew but two were killed .
To survive the astronauts had to get to the International Space Station which was very far away from them .
Moving to the ISS one of them lost his life and so only one of the crew remains alive fighting for the survival .
After the long sequence of events the remaining astronaut first got to the ISS then with Russian spacekraft moved on to the Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
And so the astronaut launched the escape pod and got home !
Her struggle for survival occurs to be successful !
With this garbage control system , household waste being collected on weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
The recycling centers sort these garbage and are put into different categories to be recycled , categorized garbage are then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are engaged in the garbage control service because they can collect all the garbage of a village in one place .
Villages on the other hand , doing their best to reduce the load of domestic waste .
Hope you wo n't stuck in the morning jam .
I 'm so excited to spend these weeks with you and I 'm really pleased to meet Eileen .
what she prefers?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
Looking forward to meet you and your family as soon as possible !
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures , as she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life come slowly back to normal , but not for too long , for she becomes suspicious the murderer can be closer then she would ever expect .
But for Michael , she is his world .
There is no doubt that the Southerner in Vietnam have prejudices against Northerner for a long time .
It is unfortunate for Michael to get access to her because she is a Southerner .
Overcoming much prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi can lay her hope on .
I love you forever and I will come back very soon .
Everything is fine until the end of last summer when she had some days off and made an important decision to go on a holiday trip to visit her boyfriend without any notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
Right after from taking off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view of satisfying her long waiting for him .
The more excited she is , the more dissappointment she had . Mimi catch sight of her lover was kissing another young girl in his room .
Hey!how are you ? How is life going ? Hope your done with your prestigious exams that you told me about .
Since your dad has recycling factory I taught that he would be pleased getting the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
This is the main reason why our environment is getting destoryed .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job in re - building animal habitats so I taught that they might need money since they just spend money in building habitats .
The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally decide to start with music 's lessons .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
When she saw the second time , she found that was Amber 's backpack .
Mary yelled loudly at the young man to call him stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed about him .
To his surprised , Amber and the manager of this restaurant had already stood in front of the door .
The manager told them that this guy had stolen many stores in the town , finally they got him .
After the police took him away , Mary and Amber kept enjoying their food .
The best of all is that the manager said their meal is free .
In Rust and Bones , Stephanie injures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize she had her legs amputated .
As they support each other through their hardships , love stems .
In sum , both movies portrayed love as a chemistry reaction that stems out when two people willing to help each other out of life challenges .
In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie going out and swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
Same as Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany help Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
Both the movies lead happy endings to the leads .
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who do n't believe in love and only want one night stand .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to stuck in their misfortune in the pass , leave their pass behind and move on with each other 's love and support .
In conclusion , every love movie may be interpreted in diverse ways , whereas people could always find distinct inspiration .
It is possible to find many examples which confirms that argument .
Their activities caused lots of negative consequences such as air , water and land pollution , deforestation and climate change .
Whereas developed countries became aware of these problems , poor countries have plenty of societal problems , so they continue to influence the environment in a negative way .
It took place when some natural disasters happened .
It has an unwilling impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , look for clothes , food and others .
Unfortunately , we can not pretend natural disasters , but we can solve societal problems .
A good leader must form a society , show an example and provide better values for people .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them so population should do everything on their own .
For instance , I hope I will be able to get to know everything about recycling rubbish and economizing energy .
Television can entertain everybody today , it does n't matter the age , can be a baby or an oldest person , we can notice that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there are also the solution of all problems at the end , the lady get married and live happily with his love forever .
Although they have a nice ending we need to remember that the real life is different and the difficult makes part of our lives , they are there to us to give value to everything we have and to remember us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
We can also watch a documentary that teach us a lot !
In the last 10 years , every second family has more than one car and most of the times each member of the family drives his own car .
Recently , governments in many countries , put a ban for parking or even a ban for driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
The good use of magic is when Oberon use ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in love with Helena .
He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers relation ship as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia consequently Helena in love with Demetrius .
It is because of the magic of the fairies , the actions in this book is like a dream .
The beautiful language of the fairies ( verse ) takes us away from the ordinary human world that usually talk in prose .
The image of the elegant fairy queen referring to a man with a donkey head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seem ridiculous .
Titania 's uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta would have beautiful children and live a happy , married life .
The fruits , used above , also sound like ones that would be found in a forest(berries ) .
Even the sound of these two words sound like fantasy .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' causing mystery and letting us think about what he means .
Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream as there 's be no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
At this time , the idea of potions might seem unrealistic and silly but by reading this and the events the potion conjures creates magic .
I personally think , without magic , this book will not be as popular or engaging .
Nowadays most schools and universities are helping students to find their most suitable jobs .
Students will be able to know deeply their task as employers .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a work involves .But sometimes universities gives them more theoretical formations instead of practical formation which enterprises are searching .
They have to learn the skills that a job involve and the only way to get this is practicing .
Now a day 's we are having " n " number of International Sports , where one can prove their own talent and have their socialism .
My suggestion for the people who wants to start their hobby as badminton , firstly one need to know the rules and regulations of the play .
As it 's a mind set game , the player need to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
To be a successful player one has to learn some tricks , which helps their game easier .
And last but not least as a player one has to keep in mind that , they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands , where instead of that one has to fight until the last mint of the game in order to decide whether the player is winner or loser .
Thus by boosting themselves lead to success .
I am very pleased to hear that you finally manage to open your restaurant .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant is my sister Sorina you met her at my party .She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible you will love to work with her .
Let me know if you are interested to know her better .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I could make sure that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Viet Nam .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is assumed as one of the best bays in Viet Nam so that I especially recommend you to go there .
A student group use to meet at the College Theatre every Monday for watching films and afterward discuss about them , but you 're not alone !
Famous directors as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amenábar came to the club in the last weeks .
They spoke about their films from a point of view that will discover you a new wonderful way of interpret the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduce into their movies .
On the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club for speaking about the film where they appeared " Saving Private Ryan " and their process to get involved into their characters for a real - like acting .
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break in your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends you ca n't lose this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start of the week .
Some people argue that , when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day!They would like to have a rest .
More andmore people start wondering about their health , thing that makes them use their cars not as often as they used to .
The localauthorities can also organise events in which they can encourage people tostart saving natural resources like water , or to convince people that power consumption can be reduced in many other ways .
La Cacharreriaes a tapas restaurant so you can choose lots of different , small dishes and share them .
They are always happy to explain the different dishes and recommend well .
This is just a quick e - mail to apologise because I forgot to ask you if you want to come to celebrate the end of the year .
I hope your answer soon .
The first step to better sleep is to recognize that maybe I can have a sleep disorder .
Taking me as an example , I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
The second step is to identify what I could cause the sleep disorder .
The reading speech of many , but with whom I identify most is caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy before bedtime .
I definitely need to pay attention to these factors and that way I can see improvement .
Help and put into practice these tips will help us have a healthier life .
Read things that can help us live better can be very helpful .
Implement each council and tell others about your improvements , is a good way to help others .
I like many types of sports but I prefer swimming .
I practise it every day in my school .
To practise this sport first you have to meet someone who teaches you how to swim because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
However , it does n't mean the public transport have to disappear .
The main reason to consider there is future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive use of cars .
During a meeting with head of the department in MOH I was complaining about service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to provide the required training for his all staffs , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
Next day I have received a call from one of the technician Mr. Humam Altannous ( who was compliant against us ) and asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or Contract ) .
I explained to him the standard protocol that it should be send a official repair request in order to proceed with repair the unit .
But he is not ready to accept it and asking us to come and repair the unit without any repair request issued . please note that our telephone conversation was only for 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hang - up the phone ) .
He was not asking any Manual / trouble shooting instruction during our call what he mentioned in his email .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Please note that we are keeping a good relation with our customers and always giving our good service as well .
Due to there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written that report in order to know the preferences of them and the trends which are on nowadays .
Firstly , I have asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourites styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to music they liked a few years ago .
In fact , they hardly ever can defined themselves such as pop fans , rockers , ...
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told they could n't stand reggaeton music , however they used to want to listen to it in discos because they could dance .
In my opinion , young people do n't have musical culture and magnificent bands of music like Rolling Stone are going to have remaining in the oblivion .
However , the documetaries are being forgotten and only a twenty - six percent of them would like watching more interesting TV series like Lost .
Nowadays , all people use the Internet and application everywhere .
Moreover , it is very easy to make friends and communicated with somebody .
In addition , it 's easier to talk with someone that you do n't meet and you want it .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meeting new people , it 's a good way to finding people with similar interest . You can enter application and you can explain how you look like and someone is interested in you .
Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who live in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is yours front .
In conclusion , I 'm agree that Internet it 's a good way to meeting friends because you can know a lot of people around the world .
There have been good progress in transport in both the aspects .
Also , as public transport such as metro do not need to face traffic , it is always faster way to reach office .
On the other hand if I would be travelling to see my friends or family in nearby town or just on holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
I studied in a state school and I believe that I get a good education not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
From my point of view I feel like we are losing things so important as the effort to reach goals or respectful everyone .
Public transport means such are trains , planes and buses are known as the most cheap and used by all travelers , and the coast of using them is something that suits the people who earn not so much money .
The user of the transports mean are differ , the public ones are able to carry big number of travelers , where as the private means used by very little number of people .
This option may be applied on the cargo also .
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this help to move cargoes to every where with low coast .
All these points are support the importance of the public transport means , and ensure how useful they are .
In my view , the public transport will keep on offering their services , and will never be effected by the appearance of private means .
I believe that should be taken in mind when the new facilities are built .
The Club offers a wide range of activities to spend time .
Everyone on the organisation was kind , helpful and cheerful .
However , the advantages overcome the worst aspects and I will be happy to join the club again next Summer .
Hereby I am writing in reference to the advertisement published for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job
My name is Gerard Jones and rather than telling you that I always wanted to work with children .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , such as my other cousins whose ages remain as the required standard for going camping .
My expertise is to organise games for children , everybody enjoy the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team 's rivalry during the games .
Nowadays there are many people who practise sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life , you focus on the competition and is like to have a rest from the cotidian life .
In conclusion , personally despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sit in your house and watching them .
I 'm so glad to hear that you give me an opportunity to make your club facilities improvement .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you that my reply could be a great tip for your club this year .
The other characters that also take an important part in the movie are the servants .
The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession.however,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horror movie but at its final scene there is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
Everyone felt so delighted but unfortunately now people feels uncomfortable when it comes to travel via public transport .
In early days of public transport , people were only stick to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
Public Transport is slow now , even though they are very comfortable but unfortunately people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class would travel through public transport it would affect his respect .
When they would be financially stable they would surely buy their own vehicle .
So that it is a cuestion that required a deeper reflexion for all of us .
You do not to wait for a specific time to cath the bus , for example .
Using public transport reduce the pollution .
I am very happy with the idea to encourage the public transport 's use due to make the cities a better place to live .
I really liked to work with special effects and the best thing that I learnt a lot about that tehnology .
In addition to this , we would not take too much time in looking for a bus which would go specifically to our destination .
we should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has huge number of cars run on it 's streets and this number is going up speedy .having this huge increasing of cars that will impact badly in public health & environment and infrastructure .
although it will be over cost in full , car service and effort of concentration on driving all of this negativity you can avoid it easily by using public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car you do not have to look after it you can do activities wail you are on it like reading or chatting with your friends or having important phone call
The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses now competing withe car 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than use individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside it and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury means , expanding in electric car and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environment 's pollution as far as we can .
You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it needs much run .
House is to be divided between chambers in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
They can begin to jog for 15 minutes and then increasing the time so that their body can get used to the muscular effort .
Furthermore , it would be useful having a chronometer to check out your improvement .
I would also recommend to stretch after every work out to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
Personally I am not completely agree with this way of thinking .
But if you do not have money , prices can only destroy your day because you know that you can not afford it .
But in my case , it happen rarely .
The diagrams illustrates the process of making bank notes .
Then move to the next step , preparation of metal plates , while skilled machinists is needed in this process .
And when the sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , special ink and slightly raise image should on the bank note .
The most important step is inspection , where printed sheets should be inspected manually and carefully .
If the quality of sheets and bank notes are good , then they will be packaged and distributed .
My name is Elvira Vergara and I apply for the job in the summer camp of your advertisement .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know cooking and how I look after the children .
Also , I have studied teaching and I practised with my father , who is a teacher . I have done swimming since I was five , so I could teach your children 's camp about swimming and other sports like basket or hockey .
I would like working with your company because I have studied for this and I love it .
You can see international channels and live shows around the world , something that in the past could be too good to be true .
Even knowing that not too much has changed our options nowadays still make the television a very good tool to get a family together and spend an enjoyable time .
Firstly , I must inform you that I am dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist because he forgot to place my wake - up call and as a result I overslept and I missed my flight .
I would recommend you to improve your standard and quality of service and to draw your attention to the stuff in your reception .
I believe you give this matter your urgent attention .
There is a lot outstanding views and worth visiting places but let me tell you about the Warriors Museum .
The torture room is very popular with children but eager fans can also find something suiting them .
The first time practicing Muay Thai was 5 years ago , at that time I was n't sure of practicing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most of the young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't practise Muay Thai and is not known .
Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sports but is not the most important thing , mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths are necessary , remember the body does what the mind commands .
Was hard at the beginning just like when you start doing something new , so here are some tips if you want to start practicing Muay Thai .
When you practise any sport , you have to be confident on yourself , without confidence you will not have any progress .
Muay Thai is a complete sport , you use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to do a big effort .
I am economics student in National Chung Cheng University , which is placed in Taiwan .
The reason why I change my major is that I found that I have a big interest in Accounting than economics when I studied in the first year of university .
Another reason for being a graduate school student can learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in future 's career .
As a result , I am enjoyable to study accounting .
My job was to find the company 's financial statement that is corresponding to the news report .
This work needs lots of patience and time to finish it .
My works needs to close the accounts every day , so my carefulness must be improved during the time , because the money did n't belong to me .
You wo n't regret to choose me to join your school !
He is one of the players of basketball since he was an elementary student until now he 's on college .
As the tournament began he 's been getting a high points for his team because of that nice contribution they have won the game .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student however he 's been known as one of the popular students because he works voluntarily as a couch to the younger kids in his town .
It might be a simple way but perhaps the society would be proud on what are they doing .
And they both had a great understanding however , this innocent girl had grabbed the attention of all the viewers similarly , the two .
Henry fell down and his head was injured Michael left him to bled profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body tried to look at his pulse rate but encountered that he was dead .
Have you ever thought about what your life would be in the next 50 years ?
If you are old enough , you can see how far the technology has gone in the last 20 years .
It 's quite amusing to try figuring out what the life in the future could be .
Provided that renewable sources will be developed enough , we could live without pollution .
Medicine should have won a lot of diseases and maybe it could be ready to overcome aging .
Finally , you can think it will be a green , peaceful enjoyable world .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist play this role .
Your parents always maintain and defend you , they are happy just to see you - their child , the result of their love .
Thank your parents if they are alive and think if you would become a good friend to your future child .
Until now all is normal in his life .
He had everything that any person would want to have : live abroad , earn much money , have a partner , work in an international business , an so on .
Then Sergio left Mycrosoft , created his own website which gave him enough money and travelled wherever he want .
Sorry that I haven't written before but my mother had been using the computer all the time for work and I had to wait until she finished her work .
First , I think that 's a fantastic idea go to the new activity centre . We 'll enjoy a lot and meet new places .
At night , we can stay at home , as you said , and also we can buy chocolates and see a movie , that 's great for me !
But you can tell me other option when to go to your home .
Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't take me to your home on Friday evening , because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
Though the modern cities emerging repaidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the enviorment are severly various .
The red coral reef off coast in Austrialia , for instance , serve as shelter for algea and other sea tiny fishes and index of enviroment fragility .
Due to the massive construction of five - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there are cut off and enviromental variations are gone away .
On top of that , It is the regulation capacities of enviorment that for temperature , moisture and even the sandstorms are erode as less plants engage inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen the whole system .
What 's more , extreme weather appears with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic floods in northern cities in China and long - lasting drought in South American .
In a response to address these side affects that the civilization bring about , governments must take measures stey by step to tackle them .
Firstly , governing authorities should set up protect area for animals and plants , inhibitating hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
Furthermore , the government should go out of their ways stand united in a way which joint endeavours could be effective globally .
We had hard days also , we argued , but then quickly put up .
The course is going to finish so the teacher want that we go out to a restaurant .
The prices are not expensive and foods are very good .
At the " Soft Notes " you can ear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
The most rated restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the top you prefer .
While waiting for it , you can play with video games placed in the basement .
Public transport include buses , trains , and subway , however cars , bicycles , taxis are not forgotten .
To sum - up , neither cars nor public transport is considered the perfect option , but considering long term consequences as is nowadays common in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
However , there are people who do not follow that , and they dress the most comfortable clothes for them or the style they like most .
For example , in work interwies and work that have a direct contact with the public it is better to use a for or smart style .
And same happened with parties , festivals , sports and other events .
Overall , my personal opinión is that we give so much importance to the clothes and the appearance than it should be .
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend on the traffic . the scientists said the new society it can be called " the fat society " because the the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
In cities like United Sates of America where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
She woke up and at once she felt something makes her happy .
She wondered who could make such a pleasant surprise .
Suddenly , she remembered that for three days she living with Chuck - her boyfriend .
She ate breakfast , dressed up and go to work .
It was the first day of Spring and everything is going rise to life .
Flowers was in every colour of rainbow , the leaves on the trees going green .
When she came to office , she saw on her desk a note with a heart shape .
She smiled and thought that is a joke .
Anna looked at her watch and as fast as she can run to the park .
It appers that at the fountain stay Chuck and waiting for her .
When she come closer he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
She was run out of words and just nod her head what it means : " yes " .
They together come back home and spend rest of the day together .
Sarah focused on her cellphone , and Stephan was listening music loudly with his MP3 .
Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and saw Sarah got hurt .
Stephan still listening to the music and crossing the street .
But he did n't aware that the traffic light has turned red so the car could n't go through .
The man got down the car to tell Stephan stop listening to the music and pay attention with things around him .
And he knew that Sarah was in the hospital .
After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it was when you focused on technological products instead of the things around .
I just read the first book in a trilogy called The Hunger Games .
Katniss the protagonist is a teenage girl 16 which is forced to poach to feed his family since his father died
An increasing number of people begin to discuss for the success in school or work , the having an ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
It is my contention that the people , who have the ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances have higher percentage be successful in school or work .
That is to say , the investment of the internet make it available for everyone in the world .
People can easily obtain the lasted knowledge by owning a computer that can access to the network and have the ability to reading .
That is why it is not to be the key point that considered the key to success .
To explain , there are a trend that many universities all over the world setting up the freely courses for the people who thirsty for knowledge , also often invited the famous scholar to give a speech to the public that is welcome for everyone .
Thus , everyone might be an expert .
Excellent performance in the field of study has not been determined of factors for your success .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the work field that they from school has surprising reduced in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of half - century .
Say it simply , the things that school teach us were no longer be used in the real world .
Does the knowledge from school have any different in the work field ?
Hence , this research remained us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor to success instead of having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
Previously , the most women used to get a baby after the wedding with their partners , but today , it is not so important anymore .
However the progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life so I believe both are good at bring up their children .
Tom had faith this day will be better than the others .
He did n't recover yet from the last scare he had that day .
He started to make his homework , but he had trouble concentrating as the memories came back to his mind .
It is very important to think about possibilities that should create your fortune .
First , it is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I live with my husband more than ten years , so we know each other quite well to support the other one .
If somebody in my family ask me to help I need to know the whole true without any potential lies .
That is why I learn my children to play fair .
The first solution is change portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain less sugar .
The limitation of this solution is the public may not satisfied with this size of soft drinks .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are main soft drinks consumers and the most consumption of beverage is sugar sweetened drinks .
Parents ' words is key to restrict their kids ' actions .
They would not consume such amount of beverages .
So that parents education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which happens around teenagers .
If we take these measures within a short period and keep it for a long time , obesity and overweight problem would not happen in our next generations .
We can say that the Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that pass through the chapter and likely the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected the most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
In my days friendship was easily made with neighbours , schoolmates and social clubs friends .
I already exprienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a benficiary association established for youth friendship .
In which we have to wait more than thirty days to send and receive one message that interchanges these days with one button press .
I have a personal experiment backs to 1987 , in this year I had started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
In my country I have two sincere friends since we were about 7 years old and we still in a strong friendship up till now .
Real friendships everlasted like what I am actually made with my best two friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
It was since that day that I try to skate as much as possible and I love every bit of it .
However the latest studies shows a car is not always more efficient .
The right choice of means of transport makes a big impact on your time and resources .
It saves plenty of time by avoiding traffic jams and there is no need for searching for a parking space .
In spite of that , studies said there are cases in which public transport is unbeatable .
For instance , if you have to go another city by bus or train to your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
However , there is some people who prefer the use of public transport in spite of using the car .
To sum up , I believe that the public transport has no future because it makes you to waste a lot of time , it is not enough developed in small areas and there is not enough frequency of trains and buses .
First of all , to a certain degree , I comply with the idea of controlling the maximum number of properties one holds in his grasp , because this denies the possibility of exhausting the spaces that can hold another family .
Mankind has always strived for freedom in one way or another , and taking away the control of their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
In conclusion , I can not tell whether or not the control of the people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only hypothetically speaking , without any form of testing , however it does have its strong and weak points .
I 'm a cheerful person so I would attempt to give my best for receiving the attention of the children .
It is worlds biggest youth cup and are located in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Another cup that is Swedens second biggest cup and are called " Piteå Summer Games " and it is shorten to " PSG " .
My advice for people that is going to start football is that you just have to do your best .
Of course you can be angry but it 's not a big deal .
well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nigth because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finish my whole rutine so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax so I would say that nigth is the most relaxing part of my day so it is the one I prefer the most
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
The sports centre in Ondara have visitors of several village and from all age groups .
This centre offer several activities like swimnpool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
I want to emphasize that thanks to his full schedule and amount of the coaches , adults like children can do different activities at the same time instead to have to wait .
I know my best friends since my childhood .
David is in a boarding school in Bern and conclude next summer .
When we meet us and the two friends were walking side by side they look like Laurel and Hardly .
Especially I like to a first class seat in a plane .
This is a set having one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings having diamonds and one ring for her ring finger .
Nowadays it is more common that people spend time to learn another language .
You might spend time and money to learn a language .
However , I must pay the fee and every evening it 's my commitment study something or do my homework .
The young people should do an experience like this .
Cordoba is a trhee hours train ride south of Madrid , and draws visitors from all over the world
For a job i recomended you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job in the beach because at the sime time you are in the beach you could obtain money .
The train was running still too fast to jump off and soon it 'll be arrived in Milan central station .
He desperately run through the train towards the driver .
A cold chill run along his neck .
He was shot in his head .
The train was finally stopped .
That day he came a hero .
He saved 220 people and among them he knew the girl that 5 years later became his wife .
I used to play basketball for three years and it was a great experience and I had a lot of fun .
If you are playing a sport you improve your abilities went your working in a team in which all the players have the same aim from the game : winning the match .
The most important thing that ya person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is requested because you must know how to reach how to get nearer to make their aim become reality , and that one is that the team should score as much as they can to win the match and have fun .
In my opinion this sport will always be my favourite because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also maintained me in good shape .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good sources of describing what does research mean .
Interesting in the area of research leads to invent and optimize ideas that are already existing .
Also , honesty , originality which is the ability to think critically , independent and creative , and precision let research to be more valuable .
Moreover , working as a team for researching , let researchers gain lots of research benefits .
In addition , Clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific paper are one way to represent , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
Exchange information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes come up with solutions for other researches ' problems .
Researchers should not give up when face hard problem with the research and keep try by different ways to solve it and they will do it at the end .
Researchers enjoy their research as an enjoyable activity .
Sometimes , bus schedule does not suitable for me .
However , I find traveling by my own car much more advantages than others .
Therefore , I think public transport will be disappeared in the future .
I was so happy when I heard that they are coming to Katowice !
She said that they will need someone who can take care of their performance outfits .
Day before the concert , I met band members , and we started try on clothes for the next day .
On the day of the concert , I met band two hours before start , I ironed all clothes , I even do girls hairstyle .
You can imagine how great is idea to leave your own car and take a bus to go to work or go shopping .
I got to leave off now , I 'm afraid .
Hopefully you 're able to visit the site .
Recently works Google , a multi - million dollar company , who is not only famous for search engines on self - driving cars .
Entering your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free drive towards your destination and let a computer take control of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
It takes hours driving to and from , hours where one just have to concentrate on driving , hours gone futile .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell the self - driving system is good to prevent accidents .
I am writing to you in order to candidate for a position of person , who organise a Film Club in your language school .
I prefer to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way both I improve my English and relax .
In my job , I have daily work with groups of people and I make presentation in front of them .
A lot computers advertise their goods on the Internet so millions of people would know it - computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Computers can help you with your homework to find the information you need .
Finally , in my opinion computers is very useful to all of us .
That was the key to open the treasure trunk , full of golden options .
Do I think that public transport will gone in the future ?
But this is an exception because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we would at present day .
I used to helping people when needing , I do n't prefer to be a bystander .
I was thinking she was my responsibility , but it ca n't be the same every time .
in addition , young ages are observing an altruistic behavior from month 18th .
for example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university , I was not realizing that until I returned home . while I was on my way to the university , my little sister praying for me to finding out my phone .
Finally , scientists hypothesize that our brains are helpful enough when we can helping out other people .
I 'm writing to say that I 'll be delighted you to be my guest at home next month .
The global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences , therefore we can do countless things that appear to be meaningless but if everyone does it we can live in a much healthier planet .
One of the things discovered by these scientists are the Eco - homes , in other words Eco - homes are a type of homes that help us causing less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
It sounds a little bit strange but by installing solar paniels and other features in these homes we live a much greener life , undoubtedly there would be some changes but because we know why we are doing it there would be no problems .
In my opinion in a decade we will be living in these homes , I ca n't wait to live it
I practise several sports , but my favourite is football .
Furthermore , football give you the opportunity to make friends because it is a team sport .
With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind thinking about what is the best pass or when you have to run or stop .
If you want to start to play football my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you can hurt your bones or muscles .
In order to be fit , you can run or ride a bike for two or three weeks and after that , you are going to be prepared to play football .
To improve your skills you can practise alone and you will became better than before .
You 're right , in fact it was very difficult to me but I finally took this decision because I want to make new experiences .
Moreover I need to organise a tandem to improve my English but if it would n't work I could attend an English course .
I have to get money if I want to stay there for half a year !
All subjects are less flexible and all students are learning the same programs at the same time .
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim to develop thinking and creativity of students .
They usually hope that their children get on the highest scores in school .
Outside the school , they send their kids to sport Centre or go to the social activities .
Sum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese children . I think that primary students need to spend more time for playing and enjoy their childhood .
I loved to climb from the word go .
You must rely your life on this person , so it 's important you get on with him or her .
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman because you does n't only use your strength but also your equilibration .
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things : In summer I always go to the mountains , in my grandparents ' house , where I get fun with my uncles and cousins .
We bring food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a montain , an amazing castle or a tipical market of a town .
In winter is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the near peaks : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slops , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's chased by the agancy .
He tried to get some information from the guy , but unfortunately a sniper shots him dead .
If you 'd like to see it I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really wish to watch it again .
Throughout my life I lived in a few cities and villages located in South of Russia .
In villages the only way of public transportation is small buses , most of which can service up to twenty passengers in any moment of time .
I 've had a little bit of experience in summer baby sitting some kids ; in Italy it is more diffiult to be a babysitter because if you are underage , parents should have responsibility on you so it is better to be over 18 .
Honestly I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can make a few good things like scarbled eggs , pasta and meet .
One of my carachteristics is that I 'm a very precise person , for example I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , endes well .
Surely this was not everything .
Riding means also to clean the horse and look after it , but nevermind , it 's the best sport you can do .
As the production of cars is increased , it seems that the needs for public transportation is declined .
Some insist that no one need bus or subway in the future .
However , in my opinion , it rather useful to use public vehicles as time goes by based on two critical reasons .
Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone use their car every day especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
Using public means help to protect the Earth from air pollution .
The pollution is a kind of global issues of which people should consider seriously .
I am writing to enquire about the job of Camp Assistant in a summer camp , which was advertise in a magazine .
I am 25 years old and I have finished my studies of psicology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
As soon as the languages I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and Germany fluenly and recenly I have passed the First certificate in English .
If you think that I am the most suitable person to be recruited , I would interested to hear from you .
This result in different of views on whether people agree the best things for improvement people 's lives have already taken place .
I hold the belief that the topic for me is completely wrong , even some improvements are easy to use and solves the most of problems .
First , the development of population still continue , the space for living still a serious problem although , the skyscraper already solved the most of problems from population crisis .
On the other hand , the skyscraper makes more problems , such as pollution .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population ; however , the building will produces more pollution when the skyscraper constructs by modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
The pollution must hurt the local people and environment from the site of raw materials .
This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only transforms to another regions and type .
Second , the computer system looks like solves the most of problems ; however , this system make more dangerous in specific situations .
The " BUG " must be appears from man - made system because of the incomplete coding .
They will use that information to cheat people 's money on the phone and you will trust them because of the correct personal information .
That is what I said that the best improvement things still not exist , even the computer system already solved some problems .
That being said , I still feel the reasons I have presented was strong ones , such as architecture and computer system .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with engaging in healh club .
What is more , it could help if you work out at home and buy gym equipment such as treadmill or a bicycle .
Facebook , Twitter … all of these social networks offer us the easiest way to find new friends .
In my opinion the best way to develop your new friendship is , meeting them , have a coffee a drink or whatever .
To tell you frankly a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and what is more it is important say no sometimes .
For all of these reasons we have to take care our friendship theses days and social networks are ok to be in touch with your friends but if you wo n't to make new ones .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the fast they ripen and prize what they earn .
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid they grow lazy , then economic relief is welcomed .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : shall we be able to take care for youngsters provision and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
Money is almost essential , but the way young people learn to interact with this is essential to shape a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
My holidays was here !
When I arrived at home , I just wondered one thing , sleep , so I did .
I was sleeping all the afternoon .
Monday , I had the typical " family day " , I had been eating with all my family in our cottage .
It a sweet olive oil pastry with honey .
My mum was preparing the day before , and was really yummy .
I almost eat it all !
These two day were family days , I had to go to the church to a mess which represent the last alive days from Jesuschrist : the last dinner and the passion .
At least , these weekend I did n't do anything in special , because I feel tired and I had n't got money enough to do any special plan .
Finally , the day to comes to England had arrived .
Imagine to go by car to cities like London , is it the car more convenient ?
On the other hand , is possible to find hibrid cars but they are more expensive than those that works with normal fuel and for that reason people 's first option is not this kind of car .
Such strategies will involve taxes above poluent cars , the increase of fuel price and definition of benefits to those who opts for more environmental means of transport .
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteer , was talking about this project the last week , she suggested we to join it .
I have working in different activities like this , for example in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
I consider I am a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in this kind of activities , and who can help in all the things you need .
Finally , I would like to know where will be the camps exactly because I need to buy the flights .
At second , there are some researches that prove that in general people who read are smarter than people who do not .
This is another big reason to take care about reading , because in this competitive world , only smart people will be able to get the best opportunities available in society .
So , next time when you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need that your brain works faster or be more creative , because could be a good idea to exercise a little bit your brain with reading .
How 's your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it had loads of fun with plenty new knowledge acquired !
I had learnt the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London as well as the lifetime of William Shakespeare .
You may have thought theatres would be fashionable place for the royalty , courtiers and merchants .
However , it was not .
What a gargantuan sacrifice of self - esteem and reputation they had given up !
Three trumpet blasts were given symbolizing the start of play , yet none of the respected silence would be given .
I wish you love it either !
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy , that provide part of the energy to each house the days that the sun shines but if there is no sun the village has a dam beside us which provides them enough with water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only we have hydraulic energy but also wind energy ; in the out skirts of the village there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
To try to keep the environment clean we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking all the rubbish and controlling the whole area in case there is something not normal .
Nowadays , many people like do the shopping .
But everyone think in that way ?
Some of them think that buying things are very boring and unnecessary .
Shops could give us even 70 percent of sale , what helps saving more money .
In today 's world , nearly every person take care of what she or he is wearing .
It seems to me that these clothes may have a high price and sometimes they do not worth it .
They spend a fortune on outfits and wait for being admired and appreciated .
Wearing any kind of clothes have an effect on you , and obviously on your image .
It is often owing to wearing clothes which do not fit and suit them .
The latest fashion is often designed for slim persons , so it is recommend to choose the right ones .
To sum up , I believe there are pros and cons wearing the latest fashion .
Two years ago , Peter 's father died so Peter was the only one that knew where was the treehouse .
He founded it strange because he always lock the door and the only people that had the keys was he and his father .
He came into the house and saw a man sitting on his father 's chair .
He shout " Who 's there ? " and suddenly the man turned over and the mystery man was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm proud that you have kept our secret .
Consequently , we can not dispense with public transport , even if some of us would rather to use their private cars .
Some non - building areas , in some countries , are now occupying by housing and other residential buildings .
This would have some serious problems for both citizens and animals .
Ater natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed in large - scale , there is no close places with beautiful scenes to visit .
The consequence is that they are easily to get sick with modern buildings , which would influence their mental health , and even worse .
Without a pleasant place to live in , they are confronting extinction .
As a result , some most vulnerable species will face to die out .
The large - scale building land are supporsed to be their home .
Policmakers can enact a law in reducing land development .
As long as there are some places for them to live , the natural ecology could be balanced .
Governments are responsible for changing this problems to achieve the harmony between man , nature and animals .
First of all , I want to sincerely thank you for the opportunistic offer to proved quick ways to begin saving environmental resources .
I will begin by strongly advising cycling for a number of reasons : a better physical health , better mental health , and no paying oil bills .
Moreover , less electrical stress on the machines ensures that the machines ' lives elongate .
I am writing in order to apply for the post of Camp Assistant you have adverted in a magazine .
I am sure I will respond to your requirements since I have the abilities you are asking for .
I would like to enlighten I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
First , we thought that will be good to plant trees but it 's easier to make this .
She had a feeling that her birthday wo n't be oridinary .
As far as she considered , she find out that she had a right .
Firstly , just after she had went into the school they greeted her with million colofull balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
Then she had to go for class so every balloon was sent to the sky what made a beautiful view .
She heard the music and this is how the party stared .
Also you can work such an athletic and you can obtain a big amount of money but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
So that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation but you are the one that have to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
The Danish measures will be also compared with other actions performed by European Countries like Italy .
-Danish and European Institutions such as ECB , European Commission , Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to make and analyse interviews to Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historic and economic field .
For example , in the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear face mask when the machine is on to protect from hitting by the tube with high pressure air , likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set another separate emergency stop button , which is easy to be make out for unprofessional people in case of emergency .
" Your granddaughter must be born , with a curse that cause a scorn . Imperceptible she must become until she finds a love .
But how to get a love when you are invisible ?
Now from books , movies , I knew some of the most influence movements , I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaking man .
I knew the first person who ended the segregation at southern was a 9-year old girl .
It 's hard to imagine what they had been through during the civil rights movements .
What if I was an African- American , what if I was born during the segregation time .
I was born and raised in China , being a Chinese , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers had done to us during World War II .
We learned enormous heroic stories about how those heros scarified their lives for victory .
It was the first day of Max 's School excursion to the Patagonia , they had arrive there yesterrday night but , today was the day they would actually go exploring .
He went to the guide and told him about what he saw .
Once the wildlife protection were able to help the puma , everyone congratulated Max for his bravery and help .
Max coud not be happier . "
What and amazing day!",Max whispered to himself as he into bed that night .
I had practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , which way of exersising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
My husband and I appreciated very much that you are receptive to new ideas .
The swimming pool is the favourite spot for building our condition .
For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it should be a better idea to build a changing room with more space at that particular place .
Maybe you can consider a bit renewing there with new classes , such as kickboxing .
If you ever do need more of these proposals , you can reckon us !
I am as good in organizing that I am able to meet a lot of people in a short time .
I would like to take a meeting with you to explain to you my skills with more detail and also I 'll bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
He loves searching the net .
Two weeks ago he knew a beautiful girl in Linkedin .
She seemed a foreign student in Palmira , in the north of Siria .
Michael went to take the case .
He entered the office to control the luggage .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that would provoke the global warming an he propose to Tom to do a campaign to raise about the use of the cars and the problems that would cause on a future .
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they put in agreement that all the kids of the school did a few placards with inspiring phrases to not use so much the cars and uses more public transport .
When Tom has arrived home , he has explained to their parents all related to the campaign and they have been very happy
I live just in front of the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned cooking and serving tables .
I am the eldest of four brothers and sisters and I have been used to take care of them , when my parents were at work , especially because I love babysitting !
Everything will be working remotely , lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to programme everything by time , day , month and so on .
The film is about Maleficent that become bad because she is abuse by Stefan , her true love .
Later stefan becomes King and decide batter down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
When Aurora is sixteen falls in sleep because Maleficent has done enchantment when Aurora was young .
The three faires lead to the castle a prince , Philp , because he has to do the kiss of true love .
Maleficent is sad and she does apologies and she kisses Aurora .
Learning has no end , We spend all of our lives learn from circumstances we face .
Learning not only means to study in schools , universities , etc .
But it means to improve your skills , your talents .
You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home during weeks or months as you can , which named self - study .
I choose this man because he was a significant player during the slave trade .
This has led to many black Americans to visit the Gambia for investment purposes .
He can across the slave master in the mouth of the river Gambia while looking for his friend .
He works very had in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
He attends the same class with other relatives of the slave masters .
Because of his efforts that lead to the abolishment of slavery and the freedom for captured slave in the campus .
Public transport is a public medium to bring people from one place to another .
In this era , there are many types of public transport using by people , for example : bus , train , monorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , and so on .
Most people using a public transport to go to their workplace and travelling around the city .
Some of the workers choosing to use public transport than their own cars .
It is also can save the money as the price of the ticket of public transport is cheaper compared to oil cost by using the car .
It is very friendly transportation where the people from all places , meet in one transport and they can make a relationship between them .
Additionally , the pollution , such as haze , will be decreased because fewer people using the car .
As a conclusion , there is a future for public transport and it also convenient to use it for travelling .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too because I have helped in many events at my school .
I am 18 years old , and I am quite selfconfident and a reliable person , I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I handle well with young children .
I do n't want to lost weight , I want to keep it , and I want to eat my favorite dessert , if I want ...
I have the pleasure to give this essay to Ms .
At the end of my essay , I would like to devote this paragraph and thank my wonderful teacher for this opportunistic chance to offer my sincere opinion on the topic .
Nobody would argue the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable virtues , such as massproduction , information and communication devices as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
However , it has also posed some alarming issues , namely environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and health concerns .
To illustrate , machineries and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop massproduction and raise the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
A centre line parts the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is called proudly as Ellai kodu(Border Line)in Tamil .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field(the box)to touch your border(Border Line).The second rule is You do not let the opponent to cross over the ' No men 's land'(The centre line),when the opponent touches the Border of your's .
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory".If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he do n't get any points .
Each team gets opportunity to raid other 's field alternatively , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as usual as in most games .
One can wonder , but we can find the reason in their Sangam Literature , written circa 300 BCE .
It says the bravery of men is reckoned by the number of scars on his body except on his back , because they thought to be dead in the field is far better than retreating .
There are accounts to say about a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather in the chest .
So I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value which is giving high rank to bravery .
it can be very strange but i was very exited , because ,
I like Doctor Who very much . I always dream to travel everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
! if,(one day)I will have the possibilty to do it I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
The 2014 expenditure for collections is taking out the library budget in 2015 .
Besides , the library budget in 2015 is reduced .
The big question was if she would have been able to engage herself in this new activity .
She was trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she had felt herself still unready to keep a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed to the B2 level in reading and listening while in speaking and writing the level she had joined doing a specific test was only the B1 .
After thinking a lot about the positives and negatives aspects of this question , refers also to the quality of hers teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
People will have the device that extinguish the light when we leave the room .
We will have furniture that do not stain .
We also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machine that walk a dog or wash them when we do not have enough time to do this .
It seems that if people did not move yourself only in their beautiful cars and take a bus or metro , the air would be clearer , the city would become less noisily etc .
On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I do n't go far away .
I was always fascinated by this American tradition to make a resolution list .
Maybe it 's really time to make a resolution and do begin writing it .
I hate writing since school .
She : I decided my blog will be about nothing .
If you could give me a chance to working with you and your organization , it will be a great pleasure for me .
looking forward to hear from you .
The new communication networks will transform the whole world into the big village where everyone will be able to make contact any person .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait a specific time and you can go somewhere but when you travel in public transport you must wait to the time when the public transport could catch you .
Maybe you can receive some general information about your last job .
I worked in that staff more than ten years ago ( new employees recruiments ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to receive a good impression .
If you 'll do it ( and I 'm sure you will give it ) you 'll receive another appointment .
When you come here send me a text .
It will a great pleasure to have a coffee together .
Recently I have seen " Prisoners " , a great thriller .
Everyone in the village try to find the children .
The man is really frightened and this situation gets him more and more desperate and he can not control his reactions .
I enjoyed this film a lot because it attracts your attention all the time .
In my opinion it is so really exciting because you are constantly thinking where the girls are or who can be the kidnaper .
At any case , in my opinion it is a great film which many people would enjoy if they see it .
As the way I see it , to find the origin of languages can be similar to know our own family tree .
But on the other hand , we can have too much imagination and to be disappointed with the truth .
That always depends on what we were expecting for .
In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we left back as we progress .
When it comes to helping communities , people hold different attitudes toward whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities or not .
Some people think young people spend enough time to help their communities ; however , others disagree with the idea .
The world becomes more and more competitive , young people have to spend much time to cultivate themselves to survive in this society .
Young people are not only have to spend much time to make them be professional in one specific subject , they also have to know a wide range of knowledge .
For example , to be outstanding to enter to the best university , student have to perform well on their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
To sum up , the world nowadays makes young people to survive by themselves , and they do spend much time to help others .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the Thespian art to flourish in England , in Russia was very dim and sinister period of Ivan IV the Terrible 's reign .
First translations appear in the end of 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually because they are made from German or French and the translators change plots as they want ( and turn them into some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia in a meantime appears to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet torture 's completely unbearable ) .
It is close to unbelievable , but at first critics and educated people find Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - minded people !
But everything changes quite rapidly then .
The first accurate translation of Hamlet from the original is published in 1828 .
By 1855 only six plays has left non - translated .
It comes to fashion and becomes honorable to translate Shakespeare .
Russian society gradually begins appreciating Shakespeare 's skill in portraying greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin takes his English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
On Saturday morning I had to working and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the city centre at the exact time .
Finally yesterday at night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang I went to opened the door and outside was , my friend Matus .
All in all , He apologized and at the end everything is solved
We go on being friends .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located in a patio of an old building in the zocalo , the type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and this trees covers the diners when they are eating .
When you are eating you can look some birds who are in the trees , so it make unusual and different this restaurant than others .
The service are good , the waiters serve excellent , the food is delicious , but some periods of the year the place is full of people and you need a reserve or wait a long time for a table .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose some of the three type of meat that I said , but this are accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating of oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you want a different and unique restaurant you need to go Azul Historico , because it has a delicious food , some times have a regional music and the service are excellent .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are passed on every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of the so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in the letter , I have studied International trade degree and a degree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School during four years .
I have been working in Harrod 's during five years as a shopper assistant and now I am working in the Apple Store of Covent Garden as floor manager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am searching the chance to working your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and your company won last year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profit every year .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts form news on TV but it very often happens that some information are left in the background whereas less important information are spread in their place .
Similarly , on TV , during the shows , between a programme and the other we are bombed by the same ads all the time .
Please , do n't hesitate to contact me if you enquire any further information .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on the Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that gives this film a really hilarious mark .
I am writing because I would like to achieve the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) .
I tried three times to pass this exam but I failed .
Do you run a course which prepared for this difficult exam for me ?
Over decades music is the eternally art which develop day by day .
Which has many branches and types , those are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people over the world are share it .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods as the inquisition , the knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies since the knowledge through books had become a threat to continue underpinning their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
In addition , it was produced the collective readings through the ecclesiastical method with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in the books to all social classes .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was accommodated to the political and religious thought of the speaker ; so , the most efficient and objective way to transmit the knowledge was by books and it was not possible because of the burning .
In contrast , nowadays , the books are not necessary at all ; because of the internet network facilitate even more the knowledge .
That is why ; I could accommodate the phrase by Franklin saying that " the knowledge can not be killed by people because the knowledge is infinite . "
On actual days what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays is a very common sickness that attack more and more children everyday causing them feel bad about themselves .
According to the CDC the percentage of children age 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years on the Unitated States .
A lot of kids grow with a different way to think just because the damage that the little ones can cause , one example can be the famous " bullying " , the principal way that kids use to annoy the ones that looks different .
Nutritionist are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack on the kids and even the ones that will murder them .
They might be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body only if you cooperate .
So money , today , are really important in our life and in this case rich people are very lucky .
Also most of the children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money of their family , and they grow up with the thing that they want more and more things .
So in this case the money are more important than other things .
So in my opinion today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more to feel good with your family and with yourself .
Maybe in 50 years we will find out how our brain works and we will be able to create an artificial intelligence system that would solve all our problems .
Maybe by doing this we would be able to find other civilisations and exchange technologies with them .
Hopefully , I have chances to be alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
That morning his grandmother went to the hospital because she had to do a surgery and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 's bored and she could n't get off the bed for a few days .
His mother was working and his dad was out of town and that 's why she asked him to make her that favour and he could n't say no .
So Peter went home to take his wallet but before that he decide to take a nap because he was tired so he started to sleep but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him at the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
since decades man preferred to use another way of transporting than his own foot .
Scientists could provide in the past years new transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
Many people assured that they are preferring using their own cars , but they were being forced to use the Public transport for many reasons such as , the complexities they are facing with the driver 's license , in addition to the fuel high cost .
They were more likely forced than having choosing it as an option .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes especially in winter while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be another important reason that raise the private transport scores than the public one , which is molestation .
Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invites schoolchildren to come to a concert .
It is a very good and useful experience .
I live in Kiev for two years .
I went many times to different places that I had n't known yet .
To start with , you must decide , what kind of shopping do you prefer and how much money you have .
You can also find many shops with brand , expensive clothes from well - known world designers .
In my opinion , technology become more and more important than art which be a necessary part in our life .
I can call my dad who live in New York now then call my friend living in Norway after first call .
Therefore , if I studied abroad fifty years ago , I could n't call my family directly and it is also not an easy job .
However , technology made it easier ten years ago and it became more common in recent years .
In the old age we calculated number by our brain that might lead to some mistakes .
Our life has transformed into an easy way by technology .
I sit in front of my computer and I acquire news around the world .
If I am hungry , I could order some delicious foods online .
It is easier to contract entertainment which could release our stress immediately .
In modern world , stress always disturb our life .
Pressure exist everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angry and shouted on you or you should carefully deal with the relationship between you and your father - in - law .
When you ca n't breathe in your life you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened music with your cellphone or watched some funny videos after all things that bothered you .
It lower our blood pressure and release our stress .
Technology enable us to touch entertainment immediately .
Technology has changed our life in many ways which brings many advantages for us such as convenience , easy to connect friends and easier to contract entertainment .
Science practical improve our life .
In magazine , they are telling us we can see a lot of games no matter where we are .
World cup has been the world famous festival .
People can enjoy just seeing the soccer game and they are eager to root for their favorite team .
This activation make us also enjoy seeing and play the game .
To me , it is boring point when I see the American football .
Sometimes , game just finished with pitcher and catcher 's catch ball game .
However , in soccer , every single player touch the ball , even the goalkeeper has a chance to get the ball .
On this point , there is second reason I can say .
Second reason is that soccer involved for all players to participate into the game .
Can we say these players participating in the game ?
If somebody wanted to play a soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to have a stretching because soccer is very active sport so always has a possibility to be injured .
Also , I will say you should wear the soccer shoes and socks .
Drinking enough water would be good habit to enjoy not only soccer but also any other sport .
She knew that her parents were doing a surprise for her , but it was kept in a big secret until night party .
Anna did n't understood what had just happened .
She looked around the living room , and surprised , how many was people there .
Their girl has grown up !
Here is also many nice castles .
Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here is quite a lot .
I enrolled on different courses about children development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
And I just learnt how to play ice hockey .
i 've been practicing martial arts for eleven years but i havent lost the passion I feel about it .
the first martial art that I proved was tae kwon doo and I practice for 5 years , after that i started kung fu and i m still there .
i have been practicing gymnastics during 4 months and fascinated with it , i like to be tired for doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily , if its not gymnastics it 's kung fu .
I like those sports because you need much strength and dedication to be getting better , I like kung fu weapons and handsfree forms , to do something spectacular in kung fu you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked , many did not because they did not know well what it was but after living it for yourself you realize that are very beautiful sports .
I received a call from my credit card administration this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts of charging my credit card bill .
Owing a pet is popular today even if their home is in a big city .
Owing a pet would benefit all members of family .
It is also good to adopt an animal which it do n't have a home and food and give in this love and affection .
On the other hand there are a lot of disadvantages of owing a pet in big citiew .
Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercize outside and not being always in an apartment .
In my opinion it might seems good to have a pet if we are teke care of it .
Television can be able to both entertain and educate at the same time .
Another example can be represented by the first aid activities and so on .
It is called " 76 people are confirmed dead in Colombian plane crash " .
I think some of you have already known this news .
Here are some basic informations about the news .
Although I have never taking airplane , I would feel worry if I travel by plane .
And they will also remind you some key points you do n't understand when you preview it .
Usually I am there with my friends or colleagues for a dinner or a lunch .
Everybody knows what separate rubbish into different bins means but , big part of the society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that does not recycle .
I would answer to them that , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made of recycled materials allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycle , which is the following one : The biggest waste of energy take part in primal resources industries , if we reuse all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce at least half of its costs .
Today , recycling used clothes are popular in Japan .
For several years , a secondhand clothing store increase and a lot of people use it .
In 1723 , there are 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
It was just the number of union members so in fact , there more secondhand clothing stores in Edo .
It can be made from used clothes to patch and darn .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan , the recycling system was forgot for a long time .
However , secondhand clothing stores are increasing recent years .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what happens all around the world in each matter such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights and so on .
As European citizens we are bounded directly or indirectly with the loads of social problems and issues in Europe so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
So that we can be active citizens and help the EU continuing developing
I never mind what kind of film I could see .
On the one hand Comedies are my favourites ones because I have to laugh when I have finished my work .
But on the other hand I have to get used to go to the cinema as often as I can , but I wish cinema will be cheap .
Once I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not managed to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day , despite thatI was happy for getting rid of crowd and shops .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , it is often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants , who eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
I 'm glad you moved , I haven't got round to finding time to share with you .
If I were you I would pick up the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increment your passion supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team reach the glory , you can also feel that , and in this moments you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to join the love and passion when you feel when you are playing or watching a match of football , and if you share this love with another person the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second you can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
The start is the hardest part considering that your body is not used to do this kind of sport ; however , once you are in it everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
So , if you are starting it , do n't give up because of difficulties are coming , just relax and be aware that you and your body require time to adapt to this new activity .
You must not be in your own , otherwise you could not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that , make a strong relationship forever .
I did my best and I succeed in getting a 5.0 .
2 . I should stop thinking in Spanish and more in English since translating might be confusing .
If you are going to start practise it , I would recommend you to start taking lessons with an expert instructor .
If are not used to do it you can make a mistake , and then it is when the sport became dangerous .
It is like you would be isolated from the world , just you and the ocean .
Without any doubt our life is changed quickly and we do not realise about this .
Nowadays , people is aware of environmetal problems and they will try to figure out .
Moreover , there will be important thecnological advances in our life , like as intelligent mobile phones which could help us with day - to - day task .
They will control our empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone would warn your supermarket and they would bring it .
In this topic I would be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which government and individual may help to overcome this challenge .
One of the most evident effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at North & South poles , in turn causing sea level rise and encroachment of land .
These phenomenon caused serious damages to ecosystem and sea life .
Further , continuous rising temperature is impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
There are scientific evidences , that calamities like Katrina , Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
For example , governments can impose limits on emissions by manufacturing plants and force industries to help in forestation .
I will love to work in a summer camp as I always enjoyed going on camps with friends and family .
This will be a great experience for me to work so close to the countryside .
He holds a short story competition to improve students ' writing .
He hoped a lot of students could join this activity so he makes a rule which is if you take your friends ' writing you can get 1 dollar per writing .
While I watched that message , I was excited to find my friends to enter this competition .
But my friends were not interested in that competition , they thought writing is boring and got 1 dollar is small .
They only want to get the free dollar , do n't spend time to focus on the writing .
When he read the content of article , he discovered many of them are similar .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had make a mistake .
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) I have found vast differences in teaching method between Nepal and Australia .
Students need to have an active participation in discussion with their peers .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two way learning process in which members of group feel easier to discuss the content .
In the future I will enhance learning strategies by working actively in group .
If we go to Bierkeller we wo n't regret and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and be happy as a group
From one hand , a big part of global population consider this year off a way of learning and experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who knows how to adapt to all the different situations you can be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
It is also said that at the hour of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have less difficulties to learn and relacionate with other students because they have had used to it before .
For many years Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes , which are driving from self and nobody can steer the car .
At the moment people who has got a handicap can not drive a car on theirself .
This have got a devastating effect for her independence and freely living .
Self driving cars are steered by a very modern software and this software is so exactly that the number of accidents will be decline .
Rich people can buy it but people of the middle class not .
In the future this can make a highly gap between poor and rich people .
This is the reason why self driving cars can be in the near future only something for rich people .
When this will be going on self driving cars can be an enrichment for our life .
The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but particularly suitable for young people who need help for school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
You ca n't miss the stylish cafe in the museum .
these are very cheap and people who do not have a car use it to move everywhere . however , this transport isnot so comfortable because sometimes you must travel with lots of people .
people use their car for travel a long o short distance , this is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
when you are not keen on travel by bs and you do not want get the car out the garage , the taxis may be the best option .
Everybody can practise football .
The other reason why I like practising football is because it is a collective sport .
And for those who like football but are scary to get injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video game console .
I sometimes practise biking , running , or even dancing on sunday .
I do not have a quick answer , but I can slide some ideas .
If you want to practise this sport , you can simply take a couple of sneakers , and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
Nonetheless , if you really want to get into this sport as a pro , you can get to invest a lot on clothing and gadgets .
You do not need to get any special training when you start to run , you know it since you are a child .
Nevertheless , once you started to practise running , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your health a to find professional assistance .
Injuries may happen for practicing it often if you do not know the way you step , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistant that your body needs , for example .
On the one hand , without their career effect , they would as normal as we are .
Providing us needs that in the past were n't .
Which tends to catch our attention and waste our money in a way that can me saved up , in this casse using public transport .
Will it modify our society ?
Active Leisure Club 's gym is a modern built building .
You could low the prices a little bit .
Anyway , their children do not have a special place , so it would be recommended to arrange a safe place for them to play .
The action involve you and you can stop reading .
The writer manage to catch all your attention .
This book has a very fluent plot what makes that Vanity fair was one of the best novel .
When you read a book you ca n't stop to read it
In this CD , the Singer expresses all her feelings and told us about her last experiences during recent years .
People could think that if you buy this type of music , you will waste your money and it is just commercial music .
When I listened this CD by the first time , I could sense how the singer break out in these songs and how many aspects of her life thought her to grow up a little bit more each day .
So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could meet the signer depply through the songs which compose this amazing CD .
He thought it will be good to distracted for a while .
I worked on it very hard even though it was very complex , and my purpose was that it could get admitted by the inspector , and when I showed it to him he told me that it was good but I had to fix some details !
When Peter listened that , he was interested in knowing about John 's experiment .
He asked him if he could work with him and that he knew something that could help his devise to succeed .
John accepted his help ant told him to go to his laboratory .
The inspector finally accepted their work and told them that now they had to be patient because they will going to reproduce many of them .
John draw a sketch to see how it was going to look .
Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is funny when you play with people who has the same level to you .
I am an addict to padel !
With my experience as a teaching assistant I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy in learning . I am follow a lot of sports channels in TV during my free time and that helps me in setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensure they are organized well .
It gives me great pleasure in helping kids in their activities and teaching them through play .
Looking forward to be a part of the team .
In my opinion , public transport has been improved during the last years , because cities has been doing a lot of investment for that .
I do not agreee with the idea which says that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters and nowadays , a lot of people is conscious with the global warmig and the envirnoment , and refuses to use the car every day .
In addition , the fuels price is increasing during the last years .
What have you doing since you moved from here ?
Is It look like your old house or it is bigger than this ?
If I am not travelling with my parents , I will go to your city .
Nowadays , travel in public transport has been an experience who none has failed .
However , exist now a discussion about what the people prefer , if the public transport or the vehicule of oneself .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
However , so much people love have their own vehicule , a car , a bick , a moto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicule is that you do nt have to take a bus , for example , crowded of people , you can go alone in your car , or whoever you want , but the important is that you chose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has their own pros and cons but in my opinion the difference between both this is that in the secon you chose you own style .
However , I think that this transport has some disadvantages , for instance : if in a small city there are a lot of cars , the pollution will increase and the environment will be injured .
The last year , the mayor changed the old buses by new buses without increase the prices .
Also , the seats of this transport are more clean and the bus driver go saying the name of each stop .
The ticket is very expensive and the trains are very old .
That 's why I decide to tell you about some interesting place in our city .
In the winter Gorky Park is very beautiful and there are ice skating park .
Nice to hearing from you .
Dinner contains two meals .
Supper always contains sandwiches .
I hope it would help you .
I introduce myself : I 'm Italian with an obsession for the English language
I 've been studying English at school
I found myself teaching English in my Country , far from the language competence I was longing for .
First of all before arguing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same education and school .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are off course useful for your knowledge but , the way of following this lessons are not a natural work pattern .
This important way communication lacks at school , because it 's a nearly a one direction way of communicating from the teachers .
You have to make a test and they will give you a rating for it .
The necessity declined that working and living needs to be fairly close to each other .
Some people go even so far and do n't assume that public transport will have a future at all .
A lot of public services were cut down in order to save money .
Therefore , busses are not running as often or reglulary as they used to .
It is also more convenient to go to work by car as you can leave when it suits you and not because the last bus is running .
Finally , it still provides a useful way of travel for all who do n't have a driving licence .
The purpose of this report is to inform about how the city of Granada take care of envirnoment .
Granada can be consider a clean city as regard of rubbish treatment .
As for pollution it refers , in spite of to have a decent public transport , Granada is one of the worst cities of Spain .
How was said , Granada have a decent public transport and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
I considerer that Granada score 6.5 of 10 about taking care of envirnoment .
There is good points but a lot of work must be done to achieve the eco - friendly title .
When you will get to the highest tower , you will watch the most breathtaking view .
It 's a beautiful city and I 'd to go with you .
Tomorrow , I 'll go to visit my grandparents in Galicia .
Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that silent genre conquered me .
I do n't appreciate melodramas or love stories much , but they should be paid attention to .
He even did not remember what has happened and a serious headache made him did not want to get out of the bed .
In this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have done in it , upload photos and movies about you car and of course you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
If you want to spend your time visiting famous and very beautiful place and see by yourself the main sightseeing in Moscow , I recommend you to visit the Red Square .
Your group will see many well - known monuments of architecture , which you admire .
You will be very exciting watching St. Basils 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , the Kremlin .
I hope you will enjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion watching the great architectural monuments
I am wiring to apply for the vacancy in your cafe .
This result in different views of whether people accept it is easier to raise children now a day .
First , the parents only want fewer kids , so the children 's resource must plentiful than 50 years ago .
I hold the example .
My brother 's child can very easy to get the toy which he required directly .
However , my father never got the toy when he was a child , because too many kids need to be fed .
My grandfather must work hard to support his children by additional job .
They had no money could use on entertainment .
That is what I say that the fewer children can get more resource and easier to be raise .
For instance , in the big city we can very easy to find the specific space to serve our children , such as special toilet and Breast - Feeding Room in every subways .
My brother told me when his baby should be feed when they walked on the street .
They can quickly to feed his baby .
Health care system also helps the parents to care of their children , because of people can spend less money to recover their disease by insurance .
That being said , I still feel that the reasons I have presented was strong ones , such as more resources and infrastructure .
They would help you immune system , your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need the whole day .
However , drinking 2 litters of water everyday is essential to your health and has a lot of benefits such as helping energising muscles or keeping your skin look good .
In conclusion , you do n't have to do a lot of effort to have a healthy lifestyle and there are plenty of benefits from it .
You will feel great , would concentrate better , have more energy and have less health problems .
Besides , I am plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient and social , and I have good communication skills .
I would be very happy to attend an interview if you liked me to introduce myself .
Also I would be grateful for information about the task I would be called for if I got the job .
Thus , our state spears no effect on fight it , transportation now is very over crowdedness and difficult , especially in the rush hour which people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock , the main reason for that is the increasing the number of people in our country ( housing problem ) and the result of that a lot of accidents has been done and a lot of people were died .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation « Rand » American research and development staff to monitor regularly attend public transportation or go to work by car within a year .
The study results showed that people who ride transportation .
Public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use the car to move and the study attributed this result to walk to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
He appealed to the experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improving security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate cost and in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries are still public transport systems are undeveloped and drive people to rely on private cars .
The optimistic opinion , some people object that " no future for public transport " saying that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that in ancient there was n't any transport and by the time people starting to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars until the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by the creative people .
I offer you to go for a walk to Anec Blau because there is a cinema with some new funny movies and there are a lot of clothes shops too .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery is orginally German - owned brewery which has been brewering been for almost 400 years .
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place , where in Poland produced traditional and well known beer .
I hope you will take it into consideration and go to sightseeing our local but famous Brewery .
He ca n't forget any word of it !
This happens because , not only we live in a big cities but also we have no time to waste .
Public transport are for some people one good solution for many reasons , such as , they can save money and travel quickly .
However , some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right.ple do n't agree with it , they prefer travelling by car .
Some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right .
Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities and the lack of more and flexible timetables some people exclude the public transport option .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone , consequently car brand 's look at is as a new opportunity creating new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
She was sure that everyone remembers about the celebration and have a gift for her .
Day of school very stretched because Anna always thought about the sad morning .
Anna did n't expect that after returning from school she finds his family and friends .
In the last ten years technology have made a big jump and thanks to the Internet we can search everything whenever we want .
Today everyone knows how everything is easier with technological machine but it 's more sad because you ca n't compare your thoughts with nobody .
There is a large number of African children , who suffers with the lack of food and clean water .
Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Sahara Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children spend very difficulties .
Besides that , the lake of food and clean water are responsible for many diseases , which are responsible for a large number of deaths , because there are n't enough sources to cure the populations .
The principals cause for famine in Africa are the ethnic conflicts , which causes warms ; the decrease of fertile grounds and the use of ground only to produce monocultures to export .
In that moment he understood that the mayor will build a big motorway there , next to the river .
Suddenly , he thought that the workers will cut all the trees , and the squirrels will lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
He suggested to build the motorway in another place to save the squirrels and to protect that beautiful landscape .
For instance , some people discarded cigarette or match which is unattended like barbeque or campfires .
Bushfire caused by numerous human activities but almost started from carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
We left Monday morning at ten 0'clock , we should have put three hours away but we put double because the plugs .
We went in two riding stable but I have not found the horse that I liked ..
The next day , me and my best friend went to play bowling and billiards . while my parents took my sisters ride a pony .
And the afternoon , the centre organizes a lesson for agility dogs .
The lesson is not very well , she was interested in other dogs and she was not listening .
At the end , the teacher asked me the exercise again .
The Alhambra give you this opportunity !
You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people the best one of the world .
You ca n't miss it !
50 pieces per sheet are set with special ink prepared , producing images that colors on both sides with a slow speed .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means mannual check by particular machines and staffs , and then they are classified into 3 different columns , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
In the final stage , the well - performed sheets are packed and distributed to each branches , while the broken ones are safety disposed .
Next , make sure the metal plates worked well .
step is inspectation , where the printed sheets should be
If it is not very well , we can destroyed them securly , however , a few sheets may partially damaged , it does n't matter due to the fact that further seperation will assiste you to get the wrong sheets .
There is the risk that you would not get the connecting bus and so you are stressed .
So they could spare their cars with other people
Many reasons cause the research hardly going on .
Admittedly , some of the research need to invest many resources that educational institutes can not afford .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage student to attempt and learn from the fail .
Once , people think he would succeed .
In the course of the research , students will think how to develop process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem making the research fail .
Therefore , Educational institutes should encourage the student attempting the field which unlikely to succeed .
Well , humans become more and more sedimentary whith the pass of the time and forget about interaction and mevement .
But that 's not my goal of practicing a sport .
In spite of that the weather has to be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes but also jacket for rainy day .
I would love to do if I am free .
Quite often , I felt difficult to balance both my study and hobby at the same time .
So , having a good time - management have become important in my study .
Firstly , to know what is priority is essential for achieving success .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states that daily , weekly and semester planner can benefit for arranging our times ( P.22 ) .
If you want to start practicising this sport you have to get fit and run a lot because you got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try encourage the tourists visit the shops .
According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the puerto shopping center , it is allocated in Puerto Marina , and the offers of the shops is majority fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
In the light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we make promotions of the city center as a good destiny .
I would recommend the tourist office to encouraged the variety of shops In Puerto Marina
I was stunned by her words and become speechless for a moment .
She smiled and said not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we start .
I said that I will help you in applying oil she said do you know how to apply .
I have a mortgage , a car , a degree , two children , a wife and lately I realized how I strive to make ends meet .
I often think what happened if I would make all these effort on my own business ?
You can also shopping at the modern buildings and watch the beautiful scenery from the high building .
Food ! You must try the varies food in my country as the food are delicious and special .
So , these are the advices I can give you , hope that it can help you when you come to my country .
I am looking forward to see you in my country .
Sincerely , I found it very difficult to choose the best film .
Both , they pass through a lot of difficulties and lived poor life .
The aim of the two personages was to gain a piece of land in America .
They have taken part in a competition with riding horses .
Only faster competitors was given the land .
Of course , our tandem gain a piece of land .
Most people in Bali rely too much toward their private vehicles hence they totally abandoned public transportation .
A conscience that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live should arise first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to have each two to four of them trap in car , in other words one massive transportation measure against twelve or more cars on the same road .
Imagine the energy that we can keep and pollution that we can stop .
As you asked for my advice I would suggest to get a job in summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
The first reason is because I already have studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience , I met very nice people from all over the world , I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoy my stay in Oxford .
The thing that worries me most is to get used to the English weather !
Public transport is common means of transport used in many countries ; Usually transport people in mass from one location to another ;
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destination which require to plan and catch up public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
This is a guide for you , I hope it can help you a little .
First at all , I want to explain the communication with the town ; a lot of people came by train , it is situated at the top of the town , is the best travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
For adults we have a little old museum , where you can live one day like sixty years ago , so If you never have been in one , you should go because it is not cost so much , besides the museum has a kinder garden for the kids .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " is a muddy hotel because many years ago it had been a castle , as well you can sleep in the king bed and every night it has theatre where you can take a part in a play .
I am writing in reply to your advert , which was advertised in the local Newspaper on 31 May 2008 .
When I started they were of 3 and 6 years old and I loved to prepare crafts to do with them and usually I had to give them dinner .
Working with children I have learned to be more patient and moreover I am able to motivating them to do the best of themselves .
In order to work in the kitchen I am a really good cook and I used to help my parents every weekend .
Besides its advantages are cheap and fast there are many disadvantages of taking bus or train such as time , quality of serving , and crowdedness .
In conclusion , public transport would be the excellent transportation method for the increasing demands of commuting .
The town is covered with more than thirty lines most of them with a duplicate performing the same path on the opposite direction .
That would be an excellent alternative to the current means of transportation , since they are fast , are n't affected by traffic , and they are generally cheaper ( since they rely on electricity ) .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre so what about doing shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is for tourists very convenient because they can reach everything on foot .
If the weather is nice , they could definitely take a trip to Kleť .
There 's a pleasant historical centre and a monumental castle placed on the big rock .
Whatever type of journey you took , you would be more likely to prefer using train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical tension .
Overall , there are a number of causes to disagree with the suggestion , that individual transport is getting more and more popular in comparison with public .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , it can be found a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " , opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent that quickly gets busy at the weekends at lunch time .
However , it might be that you had to wait a while for your food to be served , but worth it .
However , traditional teaching method , force - feed the students , has made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
By this trend , I have became a procrastinator finally , which enabled me to face the problems of time management .
In this sense , the term , " time management " means the ability of controlling time on prioritizing tasks , and planning effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and keeping concentration on motivating yourself to learning towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Develop a strategy in studying is vital .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states you will stay up late for accomplishing assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
Therefore , the best way is leaving 30 minutes everyday for reading and beginning to read at once .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomic learning , which is a very important factor in future passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
On the other hand , Cáceres are divided in two main areas , the new city , which has modern and high buildings .
As well as the historical city , it is short and narrows streets .
This restaurant is buffet , we paid 15€/person and we can eat and drink all that you want .
From my point of view , this restaurant have one drawback , the waiters and waitress do n't go on the table , you should go to your food and drink .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses advantages of alcohol and how they contribute to improve health , and personality and the reading contradict this by revealing down side of it .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduce blood clot , and slowing the deterioration of brain function .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to keep healthy movement , because some researches has shown that people who drink moderately have less proportion of body fat , because alcohol speed up metabolism which makes calories burn quickly .
On the other hand , the reading contrast this by mentioning disadvantages of alcohol .
Firstly it is stated that alcohol lead to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose calories of glass of wine .
In fact studies shows that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults , are linked to alcohol
In recent years , there are some different size of logistic companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation has developed rapidly .
However , now the increasing number of consumers and logistic companies has chosen airplanes which can save much time to transport their parcels .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel which has brought a heavy pressure of transportation .
So in my opinion , people need to find right ways to let globalization push the standard of our living whereas discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
So if you want a bike , to move easily , you have to make a card which allow you the access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
I think if we want to protect our environment starting from the little things .
Moreover If you want to find good job you must able to speaking two or three language without any problem .
I know to speak three language .
You could understand the guide , the sign ...
you could enjoy a lot and learn more about different cultures .
On the contrary to learn language take a long time and you need to be patient .
Vietnam is a small country but had defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam into their colony .
Today , I will mention about one of the iconic places of Vietnam which you can not miss when travel to Vietnam .
He built up a system which based on 4 essential relationships in the society .
The lessons that scholars at that time were received , most of them were about his ideology .
One remarkable , featured point about Temple of Literature is the people who passed 4 rounds of examination , then gained position titles would be graved their names on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
It contains not only the history but also the culture , customs also it is the first official institute which you can not miss out .
I do a lot of sports for example : cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have done this sport since 1995 with my grandfather .
Also , you meet a lot of people while you practise sport .
Other good point about this sport is that you should move all part of your body .
If you begin to practise this sport , you should wear goods snorkeling glasses and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
Besides , you can have could shower after and before that you do swimming , this is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water of the pool and if you get into the pool very fast you can have a problem with your body temperature .
Fuji changes to a white face by snow .
Later on the week I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason however I felt the same hot wind in my face and the same funny smell .
The next time it happened to me such a thing I felt no wind but this particular stink .
So I decided not to pay any attention to it and carry on with my normal life .
I am available all summer so I could start to work whenever you would need to .
Please contact me if you needed any more information about me .
The exam is assumed to be on professional matter .
She said she will join me for the exam .
Afterwards I will have the right to take part to the intarnational missions for maintaining the peace under the patronage of the European Union .
I wish to come back happier .
- Last year there was a campage for renewing and repairing the most attractive parts of the village .
All the important buildings and monuments had been cleaned and repainted .
In connection with the first issue , Budapest completes the task very well .
And it is a serious problem , because in the not so distant future we wo n't be able the handle the garbage - it wo n't be enough space where we could deposit that .
In that area Budapest accomplishes very awful .
Naturally it 's mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage into the dustbin , instead of letting it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
Since yoga entered my life I try to change my common view of many things .
Yellows bins was carried away from our yard in a few days .
I have been learning English for 8 years after that I sat for FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I start preparing a cetificate advance in English exam even more I could demonstrate my English skill , writing and spoken .
In last place , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are buying ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it which may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a big part of the society who is sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low number of passengers who can travel on a motorbike consequently not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable owning one .
If you must come a long way , then you 'll probably opt for travelling by plane ...
In that case it indicates that my favourite way to travel is train !
In my opinion , everything depending on our preferences , but train is general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and touched this sport when I was in junior high .
At first , I 'm not interested in it , since I did n't any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball , however , I did n't enjoy these two at all .
After he got the reason why I did n't have any desire to play , he told me to give myself a try , and if I still did n't like it , he would't force me .
Then , he taught me how to play , for example , when hitting , used the strength of the whole arm and did not just used elbow , or you would feel tired shortly .
While playing , I rejoiced at this exercise , because I have never sweated so much and felt refreshed before .
The funniest thing to me was that I thought I were a kid who studied kindergarten for the way he taught .
In addition , before playing , must warm up your body and relax your muscle after playing in case suffered injuries .
With such qualities , I strongly believe that I will do this job very well .
Another reason I apply for this job is that it will be really a good chance for me to help partly increase my income at this time and improve my family 's living conditions .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people has more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advance that older people tend to not understand well .
Also , because of the fact that the urbanization have not helped most countries to adapt the cities into places more accessible to senior people .
The new technologies are something that we can not love without anymore .
The fact that these utensils are familiar for youth make them helpful and useful .
Another transformation , which is corollary from the advances that humanity have been seeing lately , is the modification in the cities and our living habits .
The urbanization implemented by government across the decades in the cities are sometimes not suitable for all public .
For instance , older people or the ones with disabilities have great difficult to use the metro system because of the number of stairs .
My mother is a perfect study of case for me because she can not well the transportation system in Paris or New York without been lost and very tired from all the walking that she has to do when commuting .
Therefore , the new technologies and the transformation in the cities are very beneficial for the younger part of the population who is capable of understanding how to manage the modern instruments and use all kinds of transportation .
On the other hand , for the older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle for them to enjoy all that there are out there .
In general the facilities are well preserved but the majority of the users think that the installation should have an improvement in the baskteball and tennis courts maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
In other words I could say that is the best Club I know .
It 's recommend improving the facilities , falling in the price and opening every day until 10.00 p.m.
There were few buses and they would take to long , therefore waiting time was quite high .
However , as time went by , improvement has been made in public transport .
Nowadays , they got modern and comfortable and they are n't as late as they used to .
In spite of all campaigns aiming the less use of the car but more of the public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
It is good to have your unique value system , but the stories about people who have been doing good affects you and your future decisions .
If something is n't catchy will not catch the poeple attention .
If you believe that the media says true you are wrong .
Each kind of guiding light help us , but the most important is to choose the right and accurate person .
The other thing is that students are not able to refuse attending some classes they do not like because those are considered to be a part of an educational standard for the particular artistic area .
phenomenon of homeless people became a serious problem and many countries can not solve this problem .
Everyday on news We see the refugees who are in a miserable condition .
In addition , financial crisis , almost of the companies has a financial problem so the ideal solution for them is downsizing .
Furthermore , children street is a result of families troubles .
As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger on our society because they need money and food so they can steal or kill for this .
The homeless people are human beings and they must take their rights in life .
There is a four hundred distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you got .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people despite the fact that today an Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be defined .
- The pressure is so high that it can be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
I must be looking like them from the side .
That 's strange but before the start my thoughts as if an old steam locomotive are going to those depths of memory which really hard to get to in ordinary life .
The large - scale building projects do let human have homes , but not the animals .
Thousands acres of forests to be destroyed , letting the climate change .
Our cities put off to much carbon dioxied , making the gobal warmer .
The floods , droughts , and famines , all of these making great effects to human and animals , for instance , the loss of properity , the missing of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
For one thing , animals do not have homes , so some of them become endangered species , worse still , dying out .
I think that efforts must be taken quickly to protect our homes by goverments .
Firstly , the population should be controlled , if human still increase rapidly , there is no more room for human .
Thirdly , reserves should be put up to provide room for animals , and we can help the endangered animals in this way .
Finally , governments should ues the space properly , like making plans before set up building , estimating the effects to human and animals .
They would just do if they have to .
Running keeps you fit in two ways as you get your body and you mind active and healthy .
Going for a run is the best way to get your mind free and to think about nothing .
I think I can be the right person for this job , I 'm really patient and I really liove to be with kids , play with them and taking care of them , I always have fun with them .
Regarding your question I am playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
It has wizards , witches , knights , thieves , goblins , but it make you think too .
My favourite sport are slalom .
Most of the people I know do n't know what you are doing if you are training slalom .
To ski well you need do push your body forward .
The body parts that help you to get a big angle is your toes , knees , hips and shoulders .
It also fun because you can notice that you are getting better all the time .
In the first place I tell you who are the most important people in my life .
This is a question that I struggle to answer , but I have to claim the most important person in my life was and is my marvellous father .
He also cooks tasty meals and give me them .
This should be enough to feel you happy like a comfortable blanket does .
It start with your work life .
One say that having money to buy the latest gadget feel you happy .
You need just the necessary to get an happy long life .
The urban myth that statues could move makes the contemporary people frightened .
And the Doctor Who , Sci - Fi TV series of BBC , exteriorized this terror from the Weeping Angels .
Uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originated from perceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
Usually , they tend to hide their face , since angels could not move free when they watch each other .
Then , it seems that these statutes might lose their spirits , only when they got our gaze .
The reason is that TV viewers watch them simultaneously .
At last , directors fade out the scenes flicking out the light bulb in basement for maximizing the threat of Weeping Angels !
Anna feared , that she would have difficulties to cope up with the expectations .
They assured Anna that she will be granted success due to her knowledge and diligence .
The first step was made .
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keep all people united so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well then Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Personally what I can say is that practicing this sports make me feel strongly lively and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it especially during the world cup .
Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport so what I advise you to do is do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries but maintain you active to keep your game level .
I am encouraging to those people who do not like practicing sport that it the best way to maintain your own health
In Japan , there are many rules are set in the Sento .
They are usually aiming to avoid the hygienic problems .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainly avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause the Japanese society seems to be obedient and self - disciplined .
Consequently , the bathing pool may face the hygienic problems , such as someone does not wash before bathing , and scrambling issues .
I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century many kings and famous Polish people have their graves .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners are coming to Poland just to see the Cracow city and among other things the Wawel Castle .
Evidences show that many natural system have been affected by climate changes , particularly by temperature raises .
I think it is time we start taking environmentally friendly attitudes to help the planet .
A solution could be done by improving recycling , waste disposal and even , by cleaning up shorelines .
During the lesson I have been very impressed by Socrative ( www.socrative.com ) , therefore I decided to devise a quiz about HTML and CSS .
The teacher ask the students to comment on the results and the activity , and discuss the opportunity to repeat the activity .
All the products are fresh and the chef takes great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him " where is my playstation ? ? " . said Paul inconsolably and he run to the kitchen .
Maybe someone came in their house and stole the game console !
When both of them started to search clues around the house they did n't found out anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several pawprints and in that moment Michael remembered a fact : He had been forgotten his dog inside the house but the puppy had disappeared !
As they were looking for it in the garden they realised the console was near a tree .
Vividly as the picture depicts , there are six steps to produce bank notes .
We decided to organize a play and donate the money we earn to a Dog Foundation .
Hope you liked my idea and looking forward to hear from you soon .
Just next to the desk , I would put on a small wardrobe ; given that there would have additional drawers under the bed to keep some clothes , a large wardrobe might not be needed .
As far as television is concerned , well , being honest , I haven't been watching much TV for years .
Secondly , my idea is putting on , at least initially , two lamps : a white overhead one and a red desk one .
I sincerely doubt that I painted the furniture , though , so they would display the colour of the wood they would be made from .
Lastly , I would like that my curtains were red , given that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
I 'm happy as I have always dreamt of such a family .
I do believe that with time people become more conscious of the idea of cities convenient to everyone .
Nowadays all the car manufacturers accepted the task of design robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issue of safety and availability of taxi 24 hours 7 days a week .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I was attending last month , for a week and the activities in which I was involved during this period of time .
As I 've told you I was helping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
You may thought that I met them or I got an autograph but I must disappoint you .
But I love this experience , I was really enjoying it .
When we came the manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
I am not at all agree with that .
Big cities are crowd with vehicles and as result levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
This is developing diseases and alergies that are affecting the citicens .
That is why , many cities has close their centres to private cars and only allows public transport .
Use public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet and that is a very important task for all of us .
In recent years , public transport is really common in our lives .
From the Metro system , the bus , the train , and the high speed rail , all these public transportation become more and more popular .
Lots of people really enjoy the moment when taking public transportation because they are more convenient , cost less and more eco - friendly .
Compared to driving a car , it only cost us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollars for one single travel .
However , it wo n't be probably be invented after all .
Since a century , many transports have been invented , therefore our lives become convenient .
What transportation do we need and should be invented now is hard to think , because no place we could n't go .
I think the transport nowadays are perfect .
For example , the speed of transportation can become faster , using green energy sources , improved the capacity of the public transportions and so on .
With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have come to pass , the natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
So , we have to consider how to improve theses problems for our next generation .
Also you can be part of travelling and working experience which can offer to you your school .
I think that there is not many disandvantages of learning another language .
One of them can be that people who do not understand this language will try to ask you all the time to help them .
It 'll be a pleasure reporting that the tests were passed with flying colors , for that I ask for your help .
You told me that you have a shared folder with some learning tools to pass this exam .
In the past , most people consider the museum as the best way to get along with the unfamiliar land .
First , as the technology developed , we may find visiting museum is far from convenient .
People using new technique has gradually constitued the majority .
It leads to an increasing number of people choose to using the online museum .
Once I visited the museumm finding some pictures of the cave painting in France , but when I got France to see the real painting , I found it is more vivid and can show you how great the France caveman who painted it .
Visiting museum is undoubtedly a good way to konw about a country , but not a best way anymore .
I think it 's something nobody wants , but it can comes true .
But maybe they could stop talk to each other , because it 's waste of time too .
I really appreciate it if you could give me a piece of advice about what course should I take .
As far as accommodation is concern I 'd like bed and breakfast included in the price .
In the morning program , the kids have enjoyed playing football , soccer ball , basketball and water ball .
The program has included many competitive activities that full of fun and cheerful .
In the afternoon , the kids have enjoyed a multi - dance program that has different international dances .
the kids have loved learning new dances and cultures
So I always recommend go .
News on TV tell us what is happening in the world .
Moreover , nowadays many education channels are developing to help the students .
I am a qualified educator and I have worked with children for five years .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children loves : I am really creative , I can make costumes with not many materials so they will enjoy a lot dressing them up .
I usually play sports like tennis or running but specially I am interested in living adventures , and I would like we could live this one together .
I am glad about having good news from you , it has been a whole year since we talk the last time .
I 'm so happy you are almost finishing school and of course that you are coming to Colombia .
As I told you once , Colombia has a lot of amazing places where you can have fun , met new people and learn all about our
It would be incredible if you start your trip in Cartagena which is a caribean and tropical city .
So , you will be able to live and watch all this amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see typical dances .
After that , you need to come to Bogotá . I am going to be happy about having you here .
To finish , if you want to , you can be an English tutor at my University for the whole time you are going to stay in the city .
By the way , my boyfriend will finish PhD program this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military service begin 7th August for one year .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't to enter real army .
Public transport reduce the car congestion problems .
work or travelling by car .
For example , taking the train form Taipei , the city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear just costs half an hours in contrast nearly two hours awing to the car congestion in the highway .
Because there are nearly 70 billions people in the world if everyone travelling by car even the half , the pollution will be the burden to the world .
To be brief , taking the public transport is not only avoid congestion problems to save the time but benefit our mother nature future .
Admittedly , travelling by the car has its merits such as more convenient to everywhere we want , can enjoy the time with family in car .
Nevertheless , it cost a lot of problems and pollution .
Tom was so happy because he finally won the prize .
He attended in a local motorcycle race and won the 5000 $ cash prize .
Three consecutive years he attended in the local race but at most he could get the second rank .
Tom asked him about the insurance and the old man said the insurance only pays 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .
He thought I should perform a show to jump over the several wrecked cars but it was too risky because he had not any experience in this kind of show .
Moreover , he needs some people to advertise for the show .
Jack said I know someone who can do that but how we organize the show .
Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they can and also he requested his trainer to talk to the owner of the race road .
Tom yelled : ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paid for surgery of a sick boy .
People were changing during ages and in the same time they were building astonishment history .
They were thinking how the world would look like and with that thought civilization was created .
The first question is where our homes would be located .
There are a lot of places where people are setting theirs houses , perhabs we will be living under water ?
Many buildings like skycarpers are suggesting living in flats which exist above the ground and it is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with it own source of light which could replace the Sun .
Likewise location , something which could change are the materials with which we will build houses .
Despite the fact that visual aspect is the most important thing to most people in my opinion in this case everything was said and no new forms could be created .
The book is also very readable , not only introducing the disastrous effects of disasters but simply gives us an overview of handling natural disasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .
The most engaging and intriguing part of this book is that the people who live along the Yellow River , how they suffered from the flood and how they handled the devastation and make a better solution .
It became a mass killer and make people homeless .
After day of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not withstand the water when it out of its limitation .
The Yellow River overflows and the crops on the plains are ruined in some areas .Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile and feed millions of people .
After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us have a good living .
Even though the mother of nature is complicated sometimes , she would give us a light of hope .
People will continue suffering the dangerous floods and there is no end after many years unless the government take an effective action to stop flooding .
I sincerely recommend this book to everybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than you have known already .
The World Cup , Olympics and other international games work for easing tensions among different nations .
My position entailed developing marketing content on the web pages and slideshows publicizing the success of the society 's event .
The marketing departerment also gives me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook .
I will follow up within a week to confirm that all of my materials were received and hopefully set up an interview time .
If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that let us think about human condition .
First of all we can define ourselves " slaves of the technology " because now we all have a telephone that have lots of functions and that turn us away from real life .
This can be seen in teenagers , who seems to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer play with video games on their own than going to the park
In my opinion the obsession for the business trasforms society in a ring in which every man will be against his friend only for an excellent career .
Music is the nutrition for our souls " said in the popular proverb .
For example , there are various music competitions Eurovision Song Contest which organized in many countries .
People almost from all over the world attends to participate in it .
For instance , in our country music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been getting popularity from all regions in the world since it was sprung .
To take account that it has been improving day by day , we can meet the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music almost in every country .
She prefer books , quiet places and that kind of thing , boring for elite in our school .
She very focused on learning .
I 'm very happy for reading your letter and that you come to my beautiful country .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activivities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee , surf ... You can make different tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
In addition , you can visit the North of Spain since it is very beautiful with marvelous landscapes and beaches .
However , you must go and know these unforgettable places .
You say in the letter that you want to work for three months . I think that you can try look for a waiter job in the towns with beaches during the Summer months .
It is easier to find a job in the beach than finding it in the centre of Spain .
He took breakfast with his father that took him school , as he always do .
Tom loves asking questions himself about life and thinks that science class is the only that can solve his questions .
It was about what problems are we going to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to contaminating our environment .
John talked about the serious problems there are caused by not recycling things as plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of our environment , and all this is causing that loads of acuatic animals expire .
When Tom arrived home , talked to his family about what have he learned in science class and talked their parents to start recycling .
We have worked with Nikita for 1 year during my account management of Enter .
As AC category manager Nikita has demonstrated in - depth knowledge of AC market , high level of negotiations skills , and professional attitude to everything he did .
I 'm absolutely confident to recommend Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
It was impressive to see the strength showed by those children .
As volunteers we were also helping the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
Being on the court , it appears to be funny , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
Not everybody knows how much devotion and determination requires being a good player .
Despite all obstacles , I would n't change this entertainment on anything else .
There are a lot of bergains and cheap items on the market , which very often catches our eye but I want definitely warn you against it !
Do n't be mean and spent as much money as it 's needed .
It seems like a bunch of armed men is trying to beat each other asses .
To be a fan of NFL team is very special experience .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love you should know that you stay here forever .
I 'm friendly , open mind and quite easy going guy who live in one of the most beautiful city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
I can show you cool places step apart from beaten path in my hometown .
I would like to meet new friends all over the world and have a great time together .
Vienna contains a lot of great shopping areas , that is why I am going to speacialse on the three most popular places .
It covers about 60 shops .
The Entertainment section stays open after the mall closed .
On the countryside you can find the recently edified mall named " G3 " .
It is not only worthy to attend the street by day but also by night .
To not to lose the track I am going to give review .
To people who prefer spending their time on the countryside I would commend a visit on the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
I 'm also a volonteer among the red cross association , so I 'm used to look after children and organise all kinds of events .
I think I 'm suitable for every work because I 'm sporty and sociable and above all I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out every work you will choose to give me .
I 'm happy to live here because the air is clean and fresh and we have o problems with the rubbish .
These panels are used to bring the light of the sun to produce electricity .
So , I think that both hobbies has their advantages and disadvantages .
If I were you , I will give up with sport , because I think that music classes can help you to impress a girl .
One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad , have an enhancement in just one or two months .
She knew that her eighteen birthday approach and she will spend them and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
They had to fly next Monday and go back next Sunday .
Other girls left out earlier because they prepared something special for her .
Her parents and her sister still looking for her .
Many thinks that life of public transport is going to end .
I believe that it is true because the people are more concerned about their privacy and time taken to travel by the public transport .
For example , If she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sit in the nearby seats they may gaze at her .
For example , A lady travel on a bus and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her but in her car she can do what ever she want .
The public transport may take more time to travel and have rigid schedule than private vehicles .
A car can be drove very fast in order to reduce the time taken to travel .
In case a person who is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must , hence he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to reach there early .
Because public transport have a fixed timetable .
Hence public vehicles take more time to travel .
In conclusion , usage of public transportation is reducing day by day .
In the past people could only have a purchase from store to store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods on line and buy it through a simple click .
In my imagination , the future would be more messy and crowded with less species of creature but more of us , the human beings .
Other than the situation I mentioned above , we will have our memories and knowledge being replicate in the form of digital data .
In short , plane is one of the best options to do it .
If I have the opportunity to help you in your organization , please no doubt that I will certainly do so .
As you arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the South where the beaches are breathtaking , with such a clean water and golden long shores .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a monthly job and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly fit your expectations .
If you are interested , I could give you his phone number and e - mail so that you two are able to speak about the matter and maybe find an agreement .
I graduate from AL - mustansiria University / collage of Arts / department of Translation in 1998 .
Which inspire me to study Translation that considers science and art in the same time .
Since my graduation I acquired wide experience in translation .
I work in the OIL MINSIRTY 's central library on foreign scientific books which concerned mainly in petroleum filed .
This gives me wide knowledge in petroleum jargons that open endless horizons of experience and how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computer , human resources , English language that held in Baghdad , British council in Amman and last one was in London at luminous language solution .
I intend to study in your university in the pre session courses to meet your standard in English language .
All the above mention crystallized my ambition in continuing higher education in a respected university .
I intend to specialize in translation that concerned with the petroleum sector .
It goes without saying that I am form petroleum country and I intend to work in OPEC as representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil translation staff with highly educated translators .
I plan to give hand the freshman translators in the Ministry to precede their career under my supervision by couching and mentoring them .
I am sure that you will give me hand in realizing me dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
I can recommend you to visit the library .
It 's quite architecturally significant building I think , plus there is about million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
If I were you I would ordered the shots of alcohol because there is a toy train which will deliver the shots to you .
So if you will go to the A 's you will find it by the lights .
In front of the building are enormous reflectors which shines into the darkness .
There are about thousand of animals and in the midlle of it is located a gorgeous castle .
Charles Dickens and Emily Bronte are both Victorian writers .
Then we can notice that the narrator of the novel has different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient , Emily 's one is part of the story itself and can change revealing characters ' perspectives .
Some people agree with that a good sense of humor is not one of the most important human qualities .
Also , people could have a good relationship when they have a good sense of humor .
First , people who have a good sense of humor can make others to laugh .
For example , my friend , Jane , talks lots of jokes to let us laugh out loud .
Also , after people talked to her , they always wanted to talk to my mother again and are eager to be her friends .
The price of each kind of product must suitable with consumers that the enterprise directed to .
The leader of the business must also have a way to handle the active and innovative work to save time and money .
Marketing 's job to deliver content to customers learn more about company and the products and services in order to increase the advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
In addition , enterprise may be marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
As we know every person wants to get success in their respective lives .
For this they must possess a healthy life .
Students start forgetting their physical games and got stuck in this internet world .They are giving so much time in using internet and they do only baseless gossips on social networking websites .
I am writing to you to request if I may be considered a place in your program .
I contain all the characteristics in which you require and so is an ideal person for the job .
Firstly , you should choose me due to the fact that I can talk English very fluently .
I 've taught at many schools including primary so I got a good encounter of children .
As I 've also ran the marathon THRICE and play in the local netball team I am quite energetic plus I 'm also hardworking as I try my best to reach my ambition .
If you would like to see wonderful beach , you could come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Irian Jaya island .
If you choose to travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali , the trip will be much shorter , spending only two hours .
If you plan to enjoy your trip along fresh greeny landscape in Java island , you can travel by train .
It needs almost 15 hours , but you could have the view of villages during the trip .
Basically , I like to travel by train for enjoying the view along the railway track .
Also , you can interact longer with other passengers especially native Indonesian , just in case you need to explore more about Indonesia as you would like to get temporary job here .
Here are few tips for starting conversation with Indonesian : Indonesian person will reply a smile with a smile , so you can start with it ; not all Indonesian speaks English , but most students could speak English .
I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
Joining community of hiking student can be useful , because they will be pleasant free guide for you , this trick has more effective budget for your trip .
It can be little bit difficult to find temporal job here , unless you got any connections with agency or local people .
Teaching English is common job for foreign people , moreover foreigner teacher is more likely than local teacher .
May my advice can be useful for your trip in Indonesia .
If in the past , they just hold weddings at home to save money , now they tend to choose restaurants and hotels instead .
It let people to know that they are important or powerful .
Therefore , the number guests invited to the wedding are much more than that those in previous time .
Those who losing contact for a long time can exchange current information and keep in touch again .
However , there are also some drawbacks it bring about .
Instead of that , this amount of money can help the couple buy house or car for a new life .
However , a wedding with a reasonable scale will either satisfy the guests or reduce the burden for the couple and their families .
Some days before we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby as soon as we arrived at the railway stop , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we had been walking for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than it had been before so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
We turned towards the bushes immediately , we were worried as we had listened to the radio that a bear could have lived there .
I am interested in the job because this would be an opportunity of spending my summer in a more fun way .
Another thing is that : I would improve my skills in working with children and I find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
For that , I hope my letter is taken into consideration .
I came to school with almost zero knowledge of English , and after entry tests , I was applied to level higher than mine .
Third school day gone , one of the classmates caught me in a hall and asked if I want to join them tonight for dinner .
I was needed practice in speaking so much , so it was what the doctor ordered !
There was the only problem : I can not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
Did you remember that I went to the Muse concert in Dublin last month ?
As for the pullotion , it could be reduced if people use the public vehicles ; it is well - known that the CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transportation are 80% less than a car .
Significant changes have to be done either to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transportation .
In this way the customer can feel comfortable as they fell in theirown cars .
The latest research carried out by The Health Department in Spain show that young people are not as healthy as twenty years ago .
That could be a higher problem if the trend is maintained for a long time because public spending could raise 60 % in the next 10 years .
The reasons for that may lay in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting over most middle classes in the country .
The low quality in products that young people eat and the little variety in eating habits could get things even worse .
Besides , too much use of computer and mobile phones is not helping to mend the problem at all .
Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to do exercise than they should and as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
Hello James!I had already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , in special golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes , when you 're stress it helps you to relaxes you .
I hope this letter help you to decide whatyou will do .
One of the most difficult sport on the Earth will learn you what it means hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle .
People that would to start this sport , they should know that this is not just a sport .
First I completely agree with this but then when I started to think about it I realized that it 's not like that .
Firstly I think that if you work as a team you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation you could have a better and more completely answer because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because they give you love , company and you could pass a very good time
However , this election could not be the wisest as there are other inventions more useful than television and with better future applications .
This fact , along with the spreading of personal computers , quickly became in a generalization of its use in the first decade of the XXI century .
The Internet , on the other side , has became more and more popular not only for entertainment but also for business and today is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
The Internet has also replaced television to watch films and TV shows , especially among young people who prefer to download and watch the videos instead of watching on the fixed schedule of TV .
At the moment , some friends and other workers who lived on the same floor go into the bedroom .
At the beginning , we could n't stop the fire , and although this night sound impossible , we managed to put out the fire .
Safity issue is very important also .
Michael taught that he could use his father 's car , and borrow some money from his mother .
He knew that Peter was a little bit irisponcibile , but he taught that the arragement sounded perfect and nothing could go wrong .
He was thinking that this time it would be different , everything was planned and they will have a great time .
Thomas was one of those guys that every gal had wished to be around with .
He was handsome as hell , well - build and a true gentleman .
Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , low immune system and underweight .
The woman had smiled to Alice and had given her some words of advice , " Young girl you lose something important to you .
Alice had looked on confusion as the woman had been walking away .
She had been shocked .
Sadness stroked her heart .
Has you told me that I will win some literary competitions and that some people will speak well of me , I would n't have believe you .
Only then I realised that there is nothing more to do , that I have to just wait .
And that voice told me that I am a winner of a third place !
Since I was a child , I had been curious to know how stuff works .
Through the years , my interest in machines and electrical devices increased , so whenever a device stops working I tries to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my parents always encouraged me even when I broke it down .
When I was in secondary school , and my friends were dreaming of be Doctors or Dentists , I decided that I will be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
During my study , my parents and I noticed that I understand kinetic physics more than electrical physics .
Finally , TU - Clausthal located in fascinating nature .
Even though you have to study vocabulary and expressions , the grammar is easy to understand and you can be able to do simple sentences in a few days .
They have so successfully infiltrated their own product into our everyday existence that we no longer see it anymore as what it really is : a nuisance .
Creators of adverts have long given up on informing the consumers and instead opted for seducing them .
The result are insincere , misleading and often deceitful messages that our minds are saturated with .
The marathonetscoming before or staying after the competition can take the advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great deal of facilities
On the contrary participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias and bars with a good selection of menus suggesting local food .
In conclusion I think there will be no obstacles and objections to host this sporting competition in my town which on the other hand is also a cultural event for many of the participants .
I read your email yesterday but I had n't had the time to reply yet .
I had asked if I had permission to stand in front of the stage during the main concert and the organisation agreed .
It is about an American football player who does n't know that he has a daughter and one day the daughter came to his apartment .
I do n't see movies only I look at some series to .
It is a girl called Jasmine Thompson and she sing cover songs and I think she is a really good singer .
When they were in Sweden I was on their concert and after that my voice were almost gone .
He opened his eyes again when the steps were faded away .
He felt like he is about to die .
About six months later , I joined a computer class for kids in the same location that I took the English classes and since then , my love for computers and the language just grew .
Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a teacher assistant would provide me with a good example of how the market work for both academic and work careers .
If you want to visit it , order a guide who will tell you the history of the castle in English .
In my opinion the difference between installation arts and classical arts stands in the feeling that they can suscitate in the audience .
It was n't my dreamy job , but it really repayed .
As my departure came closer , I started to question myself more and more if this was a good idea and if I would have a good time all those things .
The 6 months I send there were the best of my life , I was so happy and enjoyed myself every day .
So if you are ever even considering the fact of taking a gap - year , do n't doubt , just do it .
I was wondering that maybe it 's just my imagination .
Eventually , I slowly opened the door and came out of my room .
I went to the kitchen and sit on the chair , nervously fiddling with my bracelet .
It suddenly broke apart , and all the beads dropped on the floor .
Before I made it to tell something , I heard terrible scream and my friend just hung up .
We at Madhura Nagar , understand the need of protecting the environment and hence are committed to what we do .
I 've been working as a security guard in a lot of places around the world .
But I love basketball and handball - especially the first one - every time when we are playing basketball at school during Physical Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my best . I do n't know how to explain why I love this game so much .
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have a free time and they should be albe to use it however they want to without anyone disturbing them .
Here are some tips to help you get a positive first impression .
Although it is true that this is not a long term friendship I can admit that I have found a true friend .
All this situations may impede us to stay in touch with old friends but on the other hand can give us the opportunity to make new ones .
To summarize , I would like to say that even thought we are incapable to remain on friendly terms with everyone we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors what makes us human and we should always embrace it .
All in all , I consider there is a wide variety of shopping options in our home town , so I expect tourists would not be disappointed with what there is to offer .
This report has the aim to show and discuss the main ways to reduce the pollution and to take care of the environment in Zaragoza .
How do the town try to keep the area clean :
A commercial team responsible for raise awareness of the critical situation the environment is suffering .
3 . More than 200 buses with the aim to avoid excessive CO2 emissions .
I 've always liked to play with kifds and make fun activities with them .
As I said before , I 'm really good with little kids , I 've been a teacher once at a summer school .
They announced that the Big One earthquake would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they alerted that people had to leave the city or go to save places in the few hours .
Peter decided to help his father with his work and the problems that were happening , while his mother was doing the luggage and preparing the car to leave .
He had given me a great opportunity to grow as a beginner singer to sing during a concert and his guidance as a teacher is something that I will always appreciate .
The night had been a rewarding experience and boosted my confidence a greatly .
You requested us to organise a visit to a place or building that mirrors one aspect of our life here .
Because of that , there are no regular employees , at the beginning of every summer new season stuff is hired .
The main reason why I loved to work there and every day I went to work with a big smile on my face were the possibilities to watch every show I wanted .
We do hope that she can be granted a second interview as we are very appreciated with your school vision , upholding the spirit of Faith , Hope and Love to nurture students .
As evidenced by the school visit toured by a polite , cheerful and confident P2 student under the Angel Scheme , we opine your school vision has been managed to a large extent .
Our elder daughter , Tsz Yin who is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatly enjoys her school life and at the same time achieved good results in the past three years .
And she has written a letter to you asking for granting Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in the family of St Paul 's .
To share and learn child - rearing tips with other parents , my wife joins the SPCC monthly book club .
Her teachers complimented her as being focused , creative and eager to learn .
The literature review contains three main parts .
Following that , the next section will examine the entrepreneur 's motivations , which contains 2 major aspects : intrinsic personality traits and extrinsic factors .
I may not know how to cook the usual food from the cafe , but I am a fast learner . I will only need one day to get used to the food and learn how to practise at home , and then it 's up to me find a way to be good at it .
During Lent , the protagonist gets to know other outcasts ( mainly women ) and help them .
It adapts perfectly to the theme of the movie , with a little bit of jazz manouche , a popular genre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscences of Mexican folklore , as the recipes Vianne Rocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Maya ancestors .
He hardly ever drunk alcohol , but thought it would be impolite not to , as he had been invited by his colleague .
He rushed out of the pub , open the car and went inside , not knowing that he was to die in an accident because of his current state .
Poland is classed as a country with a hard history and a lot of places remind about it .
Some parents would grasp in horror and reject it when their child asks them if he can keep a pet with him , whereas other parents would be more than happy to let their children have a pet .
I took it to the hospital when it was sick , and bought it food when it needed to be fed .
After that day , I started to be able to sympathize with people who have lost their beloved ones because I have been through a similar situation .
Given upon my personal experiences , by taking care pets , children not only can learn to take responsibility , but also can learn to sympathize with others .
Not only financial development but also the environment is essential to a healthy city .
Eco - tour is also promoted to educate the public and tourists to appreciate the beauty of nature and , above all , to arouse their awareness and cultivate a caring heart towards nature .
Bekir Günay , the Director of the Eurasian Institute , Associate Professor , told about a new understanding of Eurasianism .
The round table in St. Petersburg State University has attracted quite a large audience .
But have you ever gone to the shop just for milk and bread and came back with a full bag of goods but no bread ?
It depends on a person how often he goes to grocery , probably according to individual needs .
Then you feel tired and depressed about the idea of keep looking for it in another place .
Jennifer had auditioned , and she was 100% sure that she would become the main woman .
" Dear Jennifer and Carly Brown , We are delighted to inform you that Carly is chosen to become the main woman of our new play .
I could n't believe my ears ! I , Carly Brown , the insipid and far less interesting sister of the great Jennifer Jones , the most beautiful girl in town , was chosen to become the main woman in a big play !
From that moment on , I haven't been in Jennifer 's shadow anymore - she was in my shadow .
These strong changes influenced very much the poetry and we can see that for example in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referred to the industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that create it on a furnace .
This change makes most people have to work every day even using their private time , so they need to find out the best way to save their time and fill their energy after work .
To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy them they even might get fast food by phone because of fast delivery .
In addition , Junk food is very easy to be found out .
According to scientists they said that people who usually eat plenty of junk food will have more than 50% of risks to get obese and even die soon .
As the consequence , they gradually forget how to cook a simple meal and the diversity of healthy food is slightly gone .
Within 6 years , Facebook has reached more than 1 billion users and still growing rapidly .
To conclude , although social media seems flawless , we should always be careful and responsible before we sign up .
I really thought I would be the right person for this .
We are , therefore , in a situation in many countries today where to be highly mobile is something
Even though the boat was ready to go Jessica was afraid for it to break in pieces again , she almost could foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
She tied the boat with long and very strong textiles made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane ; she also used nails to join some new and more resistant wood into the boat .
Meanwhile Jacob is completely in love with that girl he met weeks before , her name was Scarlett , she said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that will change gravity in low levels and in a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive , but as her dad continued with the experiment his boss got so mad he kicked them from the city into that mysterious island .
Jacob told her again if she wanted to go with him to a better place but she still denied , until she accepted with only one condition , if all her family could go with them .
Jacob told Jessica if they could leave the island with Scarlett 's family , she was not happy about it but she said yes .
But they needed to make the boat even more resistant and rigid so it will support all the family and all the extra food they will need .
Some Pro - choice groups and individuals believe that a person have to right of choice , this includes the right to decide if they want to give birth or not .
Sexual violence has a devastating impact on victims , all areas of a victim 's life is affected .
Undeterred by this , it still the mother 's decision if she wants to save her own life or carry and care for her rapist child .
I witnessed and learn form his ability to work with other faculties such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School Law .
I reckon Dr Montés fulfils the requirements of the position you offer .
Since he has great expertise teaching , and an excellent boss , respectful of the opinion , time , and personal background of everybody .
In the letter he complaints about the out - of - date system of schools in Italy and he made some suggestions about how this could be overcome by major educational reforms .
I think that the real problem that makes our schools so out - of - date comparing to that of other countries is the way teachers get in touch with students and transmit them their knowledge .
They should make their students live school as a pleasant experience , as something their future is based on .
Many people feel that it is good to do their student life easier .
Furthermore , if you go to a library , you could spend all day seeing books and learning about different things so in these places there are many ancient books .
On the other hand , I personally think that pupils enjoying more working with textbooks because they can do this activity with classmates and they can help each other .
Also , in my opinion , young people should not use computers for much time because this could be dangerous for their health , appearing sight problems or headaches .
There is a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents as they have to work so hard to end lines and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us- my brother and me- a good living today and future tomorrow .
Because knowledge is the best weapon we got against those who want to rule us as they want .
It is weekend and we all together today .
Next to me everybody feel calm and confident . I 've learned a lot in the last 15 years .
We 've planed a nice event to celebrate my 50 .
Friends , colleagues , family all thes people who was next to me on this way to this wonderful day .
I was excited to get back into the classroom , I mainly teach online today , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
And finally , teenagers may become more dependent and introverted because of electronic devices such as mobile phones or personal computers .
For instance , filling the fridges with a great amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , doing some exercise and have some fun with friends regularly .
I 'd like to find a part - time job but first of all I have to find an apartment to live , so I was wondering if you can look for a small apartment where I can live in ; it would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
It is obvious that in this experiment , students could acquire knowledge more effectively and teachers could also realize weakness of students specifically .
University of Southern Denmark organized an experiment , which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do on language tests .
Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experiment that aimed to test differences of time on operating robots to do tasks .
It is possible that the robotics would be a normal part of individual 's lives .
Mordoch et al.(2012 ) made some examples of robotics in daily lives : social human - robot , social assistive robot , therapeutic robot , mental commitment robot , care robot , robot - therapy .
But the visit which has a lasting impression on my mind is the visit of Red Square .
Indeed , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and have unique spirit .
For example , in " David Copperfield " , Dickens 's most autobiographical novel , the story is talked with a first - person narration with the point of view of the protagonist as an adult .
You are alone on the tennis court to face your contender .
You have never to surrender : until the last ball has bounced twice on the ground , you have to keep fighting , regardeless of the score .
Anyway great to hear that you got the job you really wanted and that you enjoy it quite a lot .
Last summer I thought I found it .
Tell me more about the people you work with and how do you feel there ?
It was a cold night of November I was exploring a lost temple with my friend Michael , we have been looking for that temple since our teen years the temple of the silent cartographer .
Then we heard a big noise coming from inside the temple it was Soneka his appearance was glorious a big warrior using a golden armor and a big sword his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the sound our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer Michael decide to stay out the vault I run into the cartographer and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Some of the aspects have been discussed during my meeting with Mordechai in August .
Nowadays , travelling by car is much more common than we could ever imagine .
On the contrary , I 'm just getting used to look up every day on my computer .
It has turn out to be very handy .
I also like to have a look at the foreign newspapers but they only let you to read the headlines and the beginning of the article .
- Method : Data selection- The three songs we will be analyzed and the reasons why we 've chose them
- Conclusions : The questions we made before will be answered .
Still , women are the victim in three different ways . We will search for these situations that share the feelings of regret , made by some specific situations .
Anastasia 's song tells a story of a victim , meanwhile the others talk about women that fell guilty because they have hurted men .
The material processes show some actions that the girl would like to erase because them only make emotional abuse to the man .
As we can see , the boy gave her love and she just want to leave him .
The processes that appears more usually are mental and relational ( attributive type ) .
On the other hand , the woman just say " I 'm sorry " .
The mental processes , specifically the cognition ones , tells us that she had thought a lot about what she did and that she is wrong .
The other participants appears a few times , but these participants tell us important things about the relationship .
She is regreting because their relationship get worse and it was n't what she supposed it could be .
Although now she is sure , she had suffered a lot . " The cold " and " the fear " was inside her .
Even though , there 's a sentence that can confuse anyone .
Finally , the woman tells him that she would understand that he does n't want to restart the relationship , but she makes a promise :
This sentence and some others sound like if they were pronounced by a man …
Anyway , I was thinking maybe you can help me out with this latest one . I 'm supposed to do some research on eating customs around the world and I figured , instead of just doing a quick search on Google and grabbing something off a Wikipedia article , I 'd ask you for a more direct source of input on the habits of the English .
In my opinión running is one of the most helpful sports when it comes to start moving and getting fit , in particular for those people who have not been doing any kind of physical activity for a long time .
This activity would not demand huge amounts of money to be done and with a non - significant investment would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
There are almost no contraindications to practise this sport so almost everybody in the town has the opportunity to try it at least once .
The reading passage mentions three ways to prevent cane toads from spreading , while the speaker offers three reasons to refutes the reading passage .
Thus , the lecture disputes the idea mentioned in the article that building a national fence could avoid the spreading .
The lecturer says that if the virus was bring to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it will cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the way mentioned in the reading that specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
Working in the community is more adequate compared to sending people to prison when criminals have done a minor offence .
For example , in Bulgaria , people who lay down and relax on the grass in the park are sent to jail for 6 years , because they are considered " doing serious damage to the environment and preventing the park from further development " .
Community service orders should be used when people have acted unintentionally and when they have conceded a minor offence , as this will help them realize their mistakes , without them being limited in freedom by being sent to prison .
This will help them realize their mistakes and thus , quit doing them .
Without law , this world that we are living in will not be in order and peace , but in chaos .
I believe that every human , organization and company has their own rights and it is in my duty to use my legal knowledge to help them from infringement of their rights .
In my opinion , the exchange of thoughts and views between all these brilliant people is exactly where a totally new and creative idea will spark .
Adults need to teach teenagers the importance of not abuse from using social networks , specially Facebook .
Teachers at school may improve more restrictions that make teenagers avoid using social networks in an extremely way .
At work , bosses may reduce employee 's salaries if their job gets affected because of distractions that are produced by social networks .
Secondly , It was surprising to evidence an absence of Internet access in the computer room .
Finally , authentic material in foreign languages was not found in the school 's library .
Thus , I suggest to make subscriptions to international magazines in order to enrich the school 's library .
I strongly believe that if the suggestions made in this proposal are given attention , the service provided to language learners will be strengthen and enhanced .
I could have been pulled over the snowy cliff by Joe 's fall , in my effort to pull him up instead .
Although the story is focused on the Lord 's family , the service has an important part to play , as the world is changing continuously and the nobility is getting old - fashioned .
Conscientious by nature , I always strive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , and consistently completing my tasks .
The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people have to weather to relate to it or have interest on it .
She falls in love with him , but unfortunately he is engaged and his fiancée is an awful person who always try to humiliate Flor .
And by the way , the soundtracks are awesome , you 'll be addicted to them .
It is worth to mention that schools are considering Environment subject is part of the education sytem that should be taught to students .
And I just could n't forget to mention beautiful decorations and realistic special effects .
Not only that , what prides itself as the most influential vehicle - as most public recognized - is the automobile .
It is generally believed that the invention of car leads to the dispersion of the population out of urban centers , to the growth of the suburbs .
Prior to the automobile , is the horse and wagon life , it is not feasible for people to live far from their place of work .
Moreover , it leads to an important expansion in commerce , resulting in the growth of the ubiquitous shopping malls , department stores , serving as a powerful pull to tourism .
Being able to live far from one 's workplace , people could travel far and wide for pleasure and indulge themselves in a remarkable trip .
Though being good enough , yet the growth of population and mobility do not tell the whole story .
This powerful vehicle is counted vital for another reason : being an indispensable factor in many aspects .
The whole business success would not have met perfection without the help of transportation to distribute their materials and commodities well .
JOb and social life both play important roles to put people 's lives together .
For example , every day it seems that an extremely tight deadline is always chasing after me , and makes me breathless .
Therefore , the happiness brought from my social connections helps to alleviate the stress related to work .
Both learning new knowledge and making new friends make me feel delighted .
Therefore , an active social life not only benefits my mental health but also keep me in a good mood .
However , most of the time people keep a good relationship with their co - workers in order to accomplish their common task harmoniously .
In big cities , the air is very polluted because there are too many cars . Travelling by public transport lowers the impact on the environment , something that most people are aware of , but still they prefer to use their own vehicle .
There are some reasons why people leave shop in a bad mood , or even do n't want to get in them .
It is said that the man , who go shopping more than one hour is angry and tired .
Going from one store to another can waste your time , cost you a lot in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaust you ; when it comes to products that your regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way you get a bigger quantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - is a great way to make your purchases from the comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , deal with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wait in huge lines .
Historical Peninsula is the centre of ancient Istanbul where the four major empires had been ruled from .
Last week , I joined the C&A meeting as one of the major speakers .
The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time and , as a result I got late for my departure to Chicago .
I am not completely certain , but I remember that the last time I kept them was near the tiny blue table located at the left corner of the room .
If you found them , could you send them to my office by post ?
I wanted to be a programmer since I was 14 years old .
With the advent of individually owned vehicles like the car , an individual 's dependence on public transport has certainly reduced .
From an environmental standpoint , use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented helping in preserving the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi where the carbon emissions are very high .
However , there 's always a channel that sends out a new episode .
Every bank note should be coloured both sides and we even need to use special ink in case of been copied .
Some good quality sheets will be packaged and distributed to the market but the bad sheets would be disposaled .
Maybe there would be some partially damaged sheets so the bank notes will be separated into good and bad .
It went out of control and they started fighting .
Peter tryed to stop them but it was impossible , so he tried to find somebody to separate them .
He did n't found anyone so he grabbed Louis and tried to calm them down .
Louis got caught and told the cops that Lucas was the one that had broke it .
Peter knew that Lucas was n't guilty but he and Louis were best friends since the elementary school , he had to do his decision and he only had two minutes until they took Lucas to the police station .
Because of this , the store detective could catch the thief and recovered all books .
He only agrees to take over cases nobody else could solve and most of the time he succeeds .
Nevertheless , it distinct from other medical series as he constantly thinks out of the box .
The first time I knew about volleyball , I was in my last Secondary School year and we were invited to cheer up a local team during a Regional Tournament in Lima , Peru .
Needless to say , in order to combat the rising tide of the social problems in Hampshire , the Education Authority decided to increased funds for the educational sector .
Cooking classes will helps students spend less money on eating out and they will start eating healthier because by making their own food they will be more aware of what they are eating .
As most college students will soon leave for university and will live in dorms , without their parents , they are oblidged to solve malfunctions by themselves .
The information they acquired during these courses will help them for the rest of their lives .
These courses will develop the civic sense of students and they will start involving actively in society .
Having an easy access to such a rich offer before having developed the ability to operate correct choices or filter the information received , our kids and juniors are constantly under attack of dangerous behaviour models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
It 's not too late , though , to try to have our beloved TV back to the importance which radio had for our parents and grandparents , we only need to see it as a potential new social problem and start a process of control and continuous improvement , maybe giving the most virtuous networks the chance to be highlighted .
It not only helps reducing pollution , but also allows users to save money , in a world where the cost of gasoline is exponentially increasing .
Only by doing so , we will help to preserve our atmosphere free of CO2 emissions , and all the grim consequences they have .
I think I can be very helpful to your camp , helping you taking care of the kids and also helping you in the kitchen because I really love to cook .
When I was younger i went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have so it would be really great to know I would make some kids make the same way .
I really hope you accept me in your camp , and I wait with excitment your response .
I hope you would like it .
Not concerning the harsh environment but her own appetite , she commanded Lucky Wang make a delicious meal with fresh fish .
In desperation , he stepped to the river bank .
It was exactly when he was hesitating whether went home to face the beatings from his stepmother or not that two craps leaped up out of the ice and flopped onto the bank in front of him .
Surprised and delighted , the boy took the fish home and prepare delicious fish soup for his stepmother .
At this day and age it is falling on the taxpayers .
Sooner or later we will face the music .
First of all , it will be a good idea to encourage young people to start saving money as soon as possible .
Secondly , the state can take 5 percent from every salary .
The pensioners will receive their money when they retire .
It will be long - lasting benefit for both parts .
Our state will have a large sum of money which is an invaluable source .
Maybe you spend more hours than travelling by car but I think it worth it , because you can save money .
So , I think the statement would be like this " There is no future for travelling by car , because public transport is so much more convenient and cheaper " .
Not to mention the socially bonding ability of it , while on game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no strings attached nature of streetball events always compensate its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , reveal to be shared between every single sports event ) .
It is a fun , culturally - enriching experience which I recommend anyone interested in going beyond the competitive aspect of sports to engage .
Moreover , they often smoke and drink alcohol , which produces serious physical and mental diseases ( CasaColumbia , 2007 ) .
Indeed , the public transport cost for the same journey done by car hardly recovers the amount invested .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase so does for transport ; economic policy of importing countries tend to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
I found out about this new shop from friends and pictures online so I decided to come check it out for myself .
As I had arrived just as they open at 1 pm , I had the whole place to myself .
He felt that a lot of places out there tend to make the experience too rush where you have to line up for an hour and finish eating in like 20 minutes before they kick you out .
Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to watch the chef as he prepared my dessert at the counter and I was getting more and more excited to taste his artful presentation as it came to life !
This was a chocolate theme dessert with bamboo charcoal ice cream , chocolate ice marshmallow , chocolate caviar and raspberry sorbet .
My tea was brought out with teapot and a small hourglass timer where I am supposed to wait 3 minutes before I should pour the tea .
The price was n't cheap for dessert but if you take into the entire experience and compared to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
They also told me that they plan on introducing a new tea set menu during the day so stay tune !
Undeniably , the food culture disparity between China and Japan is tremendous , although our ancestors were originated from the same ethic .
But still , our customs had evovled a lot .
Due to the geographicall conditions where Japan is located aside Pacific Ocean , people here are adapted to eat raw fish and would like to put it as a main dish to serve customers in most restaurants .
When we play football , we are definitely will cooperate with the other teammates in order to be the winner .
The worst player is those who do not put their trust in the other teammates and the best one is them who put their full trust in their teammates .
The downside of this is that hordes of eager newly trained divers populate the underwater world , often with little clue of the life - threatening risks that they are facing .
I saw dive - buddy 's and even professional dive masters pushing and stimulating fresh divers to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular wreck or enter that mysterious cave when they simply do not have the appropriate training for it .
You can imagine that it is really traumatic for divers when they encounter a corpse in the water , not to mention the great distress such a disaster gives to the family that was left behind .
I love to teach because I love to learn and love to share my knowledge with others .
Students should master language skills , with which the students can achieve their academic goals .
but let 's think ... is it really so interesting to know , for example , what Madonna 's second husband eat for breakfast ?
His former boss retired and nominated him for the position , claiming he was more than qualified and had the adequate skill set in order to keep the department on track as well as making any necessary changes .
As soon as one problem in the company would be solved another one just as infuriating would come up at the party planning .
Mithen 's ( 2010 ) researches show that most ancient civilizations inaugurated themselves near water resources and successful civilizations were dependent upon delicate systems of water transport .
The main precaution measure was purely by judging turbidity of the water and this false practice had remained ever since , even nowadays .
Unlike the past , where people have little knowledge about sanitation and hygiene ; with better scientific understanding and public education , people learn to think and evaluate the quality of the water that they are drinking and using every day .
This scientific discovery broken down the barrier and enables biologist to observe organism that were invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
People of all ages and cultures eating there .
This being said , you can imagine the atmosphere being comfortably airy .
There has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people illustrate a different identity in facebook through using " a different language and writing style " .
They had plans for the future before .. he thought he would have married her .
This happens because some people is famous just because they have had an affair with a singer or a footballer , so the only thing people want to know about them is if that is true or not , and when it happened .
In the case of politicians , I do n't mind what they do in their holdidays , for example , if they work properly when they have to .
It happens that one day a friend of mine took me to a Film Club session .
Elena could n't be happier with the situation .
Every single detail should be perfect to get the best first impression .
-You only have one opportunity to cause a good first impression- he said to himself .
She was a very kind and intelligent woman , and Michael was sure that she was going to be a perfect boss and they will work very easily together .
For example , people interested in cooking has some gourmet shops where they will be able to taste our traditional products .
When you 're driving your own car you are getting a lot of comfort .
And you never , ever , will contact with other people .
You have not wait till it arrives and it is never late .
When you want to travel the world or just going to visit your parents , which are two thousand miles from you , it would be better to take a bus or a train .
And what if the car you 're driving will break ?
People would say that travelling on public transport it is the future for our lives .
Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to deal with the day - to - day tasks we very often find travelling by our own car it is the easiest way .
At the en of the day we decide to use our car , as the way we live today combining work , family and hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seem to be our best option .
You wanted to know what I was said to do before and during the concert , so I try to explain everything .
Before the concert started , me and my co - workers had to clean the stage , set up the equipment and make sure everything works well : the sound , the lightning and the instruments .
In my experience I found that people either consider sailing a very boring sport , or a very dangerous one ;
Sailing is all about cooperation , and to really enjoy it one needs to do it regularly , to be able get to know the crew and find the most suitable role on the deck .
Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on , for me a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also kind of people s / he can possibly have to deal with .
When we use public transport we can read a newspaper or book and when we driving a car it 's impossible .
Driving a car is also more tiring , driver must be concentrated all the time .
Also go on holidays by car can be very comfortable .
Furthermore I would like to ask you if there are any individuals who can be able to look after groups like us ?
The final section of this proposal makes some recommendations about what should be done to elevate the website aesthetic and improve user - friendliness .
The following day she came back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they werevery curious about the weird Alison 's trip .
Speaking about sport I ca n't help saying about football , because this is very spectacular kind of sports .
Some football players are world famous ; they make excellent careers and take part in each championship .
However , they become more and more popular even among the beginners .
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to see , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of everyone of us , and in particular , in the life of the ones who can not afford travelling , buy books or live in an educated environment .
The film , directed by Louis Leterrier , is about four magicians , known as " The Four Horsemen " that join together by a mysterious benefactor , and during their presentations they do all kind of illegal stuff , such as robbing a bank or ripping off their own boss .
Because of them , there 's an agent of the FBI , Dylan Rhodes , that persecute them through different states of EE.UU .
They are capable of making you think they really know how to illusion someone .
What I did not in Vacations
Some hikes are short , but steep and some hikes are long and involves no climbing at all .
Monica works as the main chef in a restaurant situated in Manhattan , she is Rachel 's best friend since high school and she longs for a boyfriend ( she finally marries Chandler ) .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is running surfing the Internet .
Not only I use it for leisure , but I also use it for work . I would have to change the way I do things on a daily basis .
What if that the boy could be smarter than he himself ?
Then I 'll look for the diseases which the scientists are currently working on finding their cure .
The majority of patients that has had a general anaesthetic , as Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post Anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , specially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
The first 24 hours of post surgery , is considered the most critical period , because the patient can present , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse need to maintain the cardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Addressing the airway management after Mr. Sharma 's admission on PACU , the first procedure that the nurse should do , is follow the A - G assessment protocol , to review the stability and the airway patency of the patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hypercapnia ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Therefore , the oxygen therapy needs to continue immediately along with his admission , via nasal cannula or oxygen mask within 4 to 6L / min , until the anaesthesia effects are completely gone and the patient 's oxygen saturation be restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is been given O2 via Hudson mask 6L / min , because he received general anaesthesia and all of his muscles are relaxed and at the moment he do not have control over his reflexes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Do not forget to greet me when we met on the road .
Differentiated instructions , giving different tasks for the same activity , are proved to be necessary in a class with varied levels of students .
It 's necessary to emphasize that Ukrainian music has changed a lot from the time of Independence and now is developed very fast .
It 's interesting to admit that there is fashion on Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
So I think that creating a small bus line between the villages will help a lot of people , especially the older ones .
Working on projects help me improve my organizational and planning skills .
As a country with one of the longest coastline in the world , I definitely would recommend you to know the beautiful beaches we have .
I would also recommend you to know the city of Rio de Janeiro , there you will find beautiful beaches , wonderful weather and the wonders of nature in a modern and international city .
You will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " and " Corcovado " , I have no words to explain how beauty they are .
Most of the biggest American companies are in Brazil for a long time and as an English native speaker it will be easier to you to find and internship .
The nine months that you will spend travelling around Brazil will give you a better understanding of Portuguese and that will be an advantage to you find a new job here .
We tried to make everyone had fun .
My classes will happen from Monday to Friday , but just in the mornings .
Besides that , I would love travelling to other European countries .
If you ca n't go with me , I think we can go out some nights .
My tasks have included organizing sports and other activities for children .
Dancing is something that human beings always did , in one way or another .
That , by chance , happen to be near my town .
I also noticed that one team is not writing anything .
When I approached them , they said they ca n't remember the exact words that were dictated .
Another team used the words to make sentences that are unrelated to the story .
Ss did n't know how much time they have to finish the task .
Of course , I originally came there to work : putting the chairs and tables right , ensuring that everyone in my appointed space was well - fed , and keeping an eye on the cash counter .
All of the above have been taken a good progress in developing P.1 - 4 school - based mathematics curriculum while there is still an area for developing in P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
More collaborative efforts should be paid to make use of the sound teaching strategies with the aim of improving the learning performance of NCS .
• 30% of them stated they watch them at most twice a week , but they would so more often if they were subtitled ;
Although the importation of such programmes has produced positive effects , such as the introduction of new perspectives on different aspects of life , it has also produced negative outcomes .
I would therefore suggest that local products be protected and valorised , to be able to reply to the threat represented by low price imported ones .
Not all people can afford travelling by car every day so they choose public transport .
This in contrast to the guide " Light at the End of the Tunnel : Practical Reflections on the French and British in Business " published by the French chamber of commerce in Great Britain .
British does n't speak out what they are thinking , in contrast to the Dutch .
This is one of the reasons why most French under 50 does n't speak English very well .
The native speakers seek each other out , the British come together with the Americans and the French well … they are on their own .
It 's no use to teach French on schools , because the French only except near native speakers .
In many cases , volunteers are crucial to help maintain life , as when meals are delivered to homebound people .
It 's something that makes part of our grow to adulthood .
Things gradually improved day by day for a time and my reneues stated growing .
As a matter of fact Budapest , the capital city of Hungary can be a very good competitor for hosting this sporting event .
The obsolete trams and trolleys had been replaced .
Bicycle trails can criss - cross the city .
In conclusion it would be a good idea and a viable way through sponsorships .
By that time I had visited six interviews , but nobody was interested in my candidacy .
It turned out that they send my work to a few Instituts and one of them was interested in me .
So , is it really worth it getting away from it all and setting off on a journey around the world or taking their first job ?
I learned somewhere that the best thing to make a path through your writing is to start tipping .
How can one know they got the talent ?
Writers often make their masterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make it more acceptable by people , less shocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers had the intention to escape when they have picked that piece of writing in the first place .
It means that a number of law offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options to earn money .
As a result , they are easily drawn by the allure of wealth , which leads to illegal activities such as theft , kidnapping or drug trafficking .
In conclusion , although human nature is likely to be a cause of crime , I hold the position that crime occur due to social media and poverty .
In the modern - day world technology is no longer a tool for survival but it turned to a means of communication and entertainment .
The primary concern regarding this new communication behavior is whether it made face - to - face interaction and communication between people nonexistent .
Lot of children got their hair cut as their favourite football players , others dress like their favourite actors and actresses or even adults act as their role model , just because they all do have something in common : they admire those people .
Nowadays , in some determinate cases , people when they pretend to get a good position or be promoted , they flatter .
When acceding to these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influences or flattery ; and to be honest I do n't know what I prefer .
A way that no one ever seems to tells you about .
When you do a technique successfully on your opponent , you feel more confidence .
Every time , you do a technique you have to show your respect to opponent , and also other ranks , regardless to their age .
When you do a technique or defense against a technique , you control your body 's movement and coordinate them to work in the same time .
People who practise martial arts are less aggressive because they practice to control their inner energy , and also to respect .
But before starting , you supposed to evaluate your needs and your health condition .
The exceptional play that we saw yesterday features all the iconic characters adapted to some extent adapted to the present time , such as , the White Rabbit , Mad Hatter , the blue caterpillar or the Queen of Hearts .
One of the biggest differences with the book is the atmosphere created on stage and the characterization of the characters .
The only negative comment I could make is that you do not have the possibility to let your imagination in the same way that when you read the book .
They enjoyed being the"boss " and giving telling other students what to do .
This is the first time I have tired this method and I neglected to leave the students extra time to be able to benefit fully from the exercise .
The next time I do this lesson I would use a more skills based lesson with perhaps a listening or a short reading .
Inside it , we can find the well known sistine chapel , I ca n't tell you how it is , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't entry .
Counting on someone capable of understanding your demands , who shares with you the innermost feelings and who is able of discussing possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
Curiously , you never know where will you find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe attends to the same sport lessons than you or simply work in the same company .
Or has it ran away ?
When I looked at the mirror , my face was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purple , when I looked at my hands and my arms , it was all red from my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted like my face .
On the one hand , I have been learning English for so long that my good profeciency have given me the chance to get a position in an international work team .
Nevertheless , learning another language has many benefits , such as the ability in living and visiting countries with different languages , meeting foreign people , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in other languages , etc .
Dear Paul , you are right , it is really a brave step but you know how much is terrible the situation in Italy and I have decide to come to the UK to improve my cv as well .
The aim of this experience is also having fun and great time with you .
There 's no special advice to give to somebody who wants to start this activity : if you aim doing something good for your health and for your mind , just wear comfortable clothes , put your pair of trainers on , choose the most inspiring place and just go and enjoy any minute of it .
I think this is a very good experience to you because you can learn about another culture and people 's way of thinking .
In Korea , we have many kinds of work which is related to English , so you can get a job easliy .
Michael asked me where I had been at the time of the crime and I answered him that I had been at home having a rest with a friend who could bear out the alibi .
While the interview , I realised the different ways I would use to get away if I were alone .
I love it .
As a secret I can tell you that I want to marry him so badly , I swear to god that my life would be much better if I can live all of it with him .
" It 's time for us to shine , " His handwritten words come to life in her mind .
Every movement seem to take a minute to execute .
My CV , which is enclosed , contains additional information on my experience and skills .
They came closer to the man .
She inspected the man looking for an Id. She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go , who fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
They got with the receptionist
" Are you two the people who will make their skill test ? "
Such programs also allows us to participate by giving our feedback .
Imagine you can programme your house to welcome you after a long day at work .
Firstly I would like to say that I have some experience in looking after children because I have worked at a local summer camp last summer .
It 's no secret that there has been a decline in the use of transport such as taxis ever since cars became more affordable and your common Joe became capable of sustaining one , two or more per family , however , does that really mean that the future of public transport like buses is hopeless ?
Nothing was taking his attention .
He picked up the keys from his pocket and approached carefully , holding his breath .
If you are a fan of romantic films , you probably do n't like this movie . " Palmeras en la nieve " is a Spanish film based on a book written by Luz Gabas which is about the life of a Spanish man who goes to Bioko to work and he falls in love with a native woman .
It 's been a long time since we last contact each other .
This is why I suggest people to give swimming a try .
I believe you should be fully informed about the quality of the services in the advertisements you publish , as your readers could be negatively biassed towards your paper only due to such incidents .
Generally , the holiday as a whole was good enough as the most important -in my opinion- aspects , like the quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , was very high .
Joey is an actor and he is always making auditions without success .
I really recommend this movie , but if you plan watching it with your family , I do have to tell you that there is a lot of blood and killing in the film .
I can easily give it a five star rate because all of the events that happen seem real in the movie , and they are events that can happen in real life .
I am looking forward to taking part in this project , and enrich my personal curriculum through the participation in this project .
Everything in this movie , Henri , is so simple and startling , but in the same time is hard to describe .
In France , where the film is made , they call the handicapped , " White Butterflies " , which is definitely a better nomenclature than " People With Special Needs " and so many dishonored names .
chase the childish dream of visiting a foreign country and get to know new aspects of life .
Nowadays , many countries have been ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention to construct housing and transport networks to cater to the demand of people .
There are many problems created by doing large - building projects , and it is the government 's responsibility to cope with these problems .
For example , in some areas , people have to wear a musk while having outdoor activities and they might need to purchase water from other towns .
As a result , their lifestyle can be negatively affect and thus they would feel less happy than other people lived in unpolluted areas .
They have to immigrate to another place since their homes are destroyed , and during the immigration most of them would die because of lack of water , high temperature or predators .
Although there are many people and animals are suffer from these problems , i do believe that the government can take some actions to solve them .
Firstly , laws should be set to forbid some projects which cause massive problems to the environment .
First of all , at the English course which I do at the HZ , I learned and improved my writing in many ways .
And the other questions : Which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process ?
Which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process ?
More words can be add in the article , so there can be a better explanation of the subject .
We can not deny that there will be time when no person would like to travel by bus or train .
Children quite often feel guilty of can not avoid these troubles or help their mothers to escape from them and tend to think they are doing something wrong when they obviously do not .
It is very serious and hard to solve because victims have to be very strong and brave to recognize and face these situations and being able to report their aggressor so as to manage the matter finishes .
Even , in most cases , they feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefer saying nothing to tell their truth .
The reasons for use is dependent on the individual and the circumstances .
However , the drama is perfectly achieved in each scene and they keep you tied to the screen .
For instance , some group could have questions , but it would not be able to ask the other group because they would sleep at that time .
Therefore , the working group will do its assumptions and may cause a waste of time .
It 's a fact that tobacco is used as a light drug for centuries by people of different nationalities .
With the cause of human activities , the temperature of sea surface and the atmosphere have been gradually growing to a new level .
This will largely causes less of soil water and precipitation .
The area as mid - continental will unquestionably become dryer and insufficient precipitation , which is possible to make it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
The direct impact of prolonged drought is the reduction of incomes for farmers result from the decrease of output .
When public suffers from natural disasters and they are no solutions , they are forced to leave their home in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might confront a multicultural society .
In conclusion , catastrophes such as drought have produced immense economic and social impacts .
Additionally , climate change relates to natural disasters also causes farming which has triggered death and forced people as well as animals leave their home . More seriously , climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
Perhaps I am being a little wishful thinking .
Everything seems to strange when you fifteen and you are talking about love .
To me , falling in love , is to accept and admire those little things that exist in that human being .
Their life will be happier when you ceased to exist .
They will always love you base on your looks then personality .
I am the chairman of the 2012 Metropolitan Medical Conference that is being held in Miami , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , and I would like to invite you to present your research on beta blockers . We would be delighted to listen to you discuss your work , and I hope you will also agree to run a short question - and - answer session after the presentation .
Please reply with your answer as soon as you are able , so that we may begin to arrange your travel .
Some people do not think of walking as a sport , they believe that a sport has to be a rough activity one that left you overtired and sweeting .
I would like to give some advice to the people who want to start walking : Take your time , do not want to walk ten kilometers the first day , try first short walks and every day increase the distance .
He knew that soon he will must face his most powerful enemy , the Easter Bunny .
He grabbed the phone trying to call his parents .
He did n't have time to get scared because all what he was thinking was why he does n't wake up at once .
I think it is true that colour do influence our decision when we buy different things .
No doubt that manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and correspondingly it means that things of this colour will be sold well .
We love doing sleepovers , watch movies and going on holidays together .
It is generally accepted that television is providing us by far the best and easiest way to stay in touch with the whole world , while relaxing on our sofa , taking some time off from our housework .
This is the innovation that such a worldwide media is bringing to our society .
A recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spend most of their afternoons in front of the television , not to miss a new cartoon nor a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today televisions are plenty of .
In view of the above arguments , I would suggest anyone to cut out on television in order to have more time to read newspapers daily .
Lastly if the use of public transport decreases drastically or stops many people will be unemployed , they could not win more money and buy cars for going from one place to another .
In conclusion public transport is very important for every person in some way and without it everything will be a disaster
Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the dealines , the exams , and other stuff that forces you to get things done , and , by consequence , teaches you to be a responsible person , which you would need to be when you get a job , you will simple be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
I 've wasted so much time in my life that even I found it embarrassing .
I was as happy as a lark but soon it was getting dark .
Emphatically I reminded myself that I should n't have survived had it not been for God 's help !
I was born in Russia , but lived in many different countries around the world .
She was my firs teacher who was taught me repeat the first word and took my hand to give my first step .
this may cause not only the animal death by being run over but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and lose the control of the car .
It is our fault because we have let the companies to profit from our own sins .
A huge mirror in her bedroom made a child believe that one is able to travel through it anywhere .
After taking part in numerous festivals and concerts she had finally entered a joint British - Russian program for training socio - cultural managers in the cultural sphere .
However , I would advise people who would like to start dancing to really take it serious , because even though I said it is fun , it really does require commitment and discipline .
Recently I have listened to a discussion on how adults can be a good influence on young people .
This can differ from the rules your parents have set for you , to the laws created by the governmen .
Today we will make a spotlight on the famous facts and myths about " Frozen shoulder " .
3- An important fact about frozen shoulder is that no surgeries are usually needed .
You can never have a frozen shoulder if you followed these advices :
- If you had a surgery or an injury , you should keep moving your shoulder joint within a limit even if it is painful .
The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation how our town takes care of the environment as well as what do people do with their rubbish and how the town is trying to keep the area clean and attractive .
As far as I am concerned there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you take papers to the floor you will have to pay a fine .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to do in terms environment concerns , but some of this solutions suggested by the mayor help us stopping the pollution .
There are some kinds of pollution such as garbage and wasted bottles , but some pollution is invisible such as noise and dirty air .
They have already had great impact on people 's life .
If we do n't start to face this problem , we will hurt this planet we live in .
Environmental problems that touch us all .
Also , planting more trees instead of cutting them to purify our breathing air and reduce air pollution .
It was dark outside , the weather was windy and the leaves fell from the trees .
It is so tightly knitted you do not realise it is telling you the story of a failure .
I am excited to apply for the Course Materials Writer position available at your company .
My scientific work was published in seven scientific articles .
I am a very dynamic , creative and proactive person and I possess a strong work ethic .
The public transportation can help fighting greenhouse gas emissions and can help us protect the world from Climate change effects .
But in modern countries , the environmental effects of one 's behavior is becoming important and concerning .
While the hyper sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for may parents , sending their children to a mixed sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they would grow to adulthood .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it appears to me that choosing a single sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and in many cases , reinforce some of the may stereotypes that we , as society , have regarding gender which , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but the child as a key in the future of the country and , as an extent , to the world .
Therefore and to sum up , Is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mix sex schools , which reflects the society we live in , as opposed to single sex ' which may reinforce those stereotypes that are mining society .
Not only did they share a clear interest in writing about social issues that struck the contemporary life in Britain , but they also had similar ways of structuring their novels .
The reason ? I told him I found a job in another city and I was considering moving house .
I mean it was a joke I made and I had no real intention to leave him .
I must have seem cruel to him because , despite our daily disagreements , he adored me and was serious about settling down soon .
Despite all the hard work I had to do , I would not have to think twice if they ask me to do it again .
Not to say that now I have some good connections in the world of the rich and famous !
Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with the climate change , food shortage has become a significant facing by many countries .
Some assert that genetically modified technology can be applied to address this problem .
This essay will argue that genetically modified food can be the way out of the problem of food deficit and this will be done by focusing on its environmental benefits and increasing food yield .
Actually , thousands of tests on GM food , before bring it into markets , have been proven that it is harmless to both the environment and human health .
It has been found in the first section that a large percentage of the male respondents preferred to stay at home on holidays , while 90% of the female students would like to go to the seaside .
In the second section both the girls and the boys interrogated claimed that they do n't spend their free time going to the theatre or the opera .
In contrast to the male respondents the girls interrogated go to evening classes in their free time .
Like the male respondents the girls interrogated go regularly to the cinema .
In contrast to the girls interrogated who almost never play computer games the majority of the male students gamble for hours at leisure .
If any conclusions may be drawn from the data , they are as follows .
There are therefore a clear need for young people to prefer active and educating leisure time activities to passive ones .
We do know that the incident might have caused some inconveniences , but the most important thing is that none of our guests or staff was injured .
We hope that our explanations and apologies will make you change your mind and that you give us another chance in the future to provide you with a much more delightful experience .
But despite all this there will always be people without a car who needs to commute every day so there is a long future for public transport .
There is nothing worse than not be able to communicate with people when you 're in a foreign country .
This article deal with the benefits and drawbacks , if there are any , of learning another language .
Besides , you 'll understand the native people when you 're going on holiday .
To wrap up the article I 'd strongly recommend that young people to learn at least a new foreign language especially if you 're a student .
They are also the reason for many problems , which appear in private lives of some celebrities .
On the other hand , not everybody prefers to reveal the secrets of the private life .
For these kinds of people it is important not to bring out family scenes and problems , as they do n't want to be disputed in public .
As a volunteer I was helping make meals for VIP guests .
Nowadays almost everyone in the world has contact with computers and the great majority of them have been using the Internet .
Nowadays , anyone can take a photo from the web and assume it 's theirs .
American press had widely illustrated the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which has been spread in the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
The articles headlined " Soviet crisis " have broadly described the situation in the capital of Russia .
The plotters have immediately encountered strong opposition from the leadership of the RSFSR leaders under the guidance of President Boris Yeltsin .
Decisive actions of Yeltsin have been supported by most world governments and international communities .
Boris Yeltsin has gained international acclaim when he occupied the Russian White House and faced down the threats of the coup 's leaders .
The person of Boris Yeltsin has become the most popular one in that time world 's press .
American newspapers wrote that Boris Yeltsin acquired new status for his defiant stand , also mentioning that the people had knew a little about him .
The author lays the stress on the democratic processes in the country which have acquired broad and irreversible character .
The press accentuated that many of Americans dusted off fears left over from the Cold War were harshly reminding that this is still the nuclear age .
The dissolution of the Communist party has also become one of most popular issues among American mass - media .
The US mass - media followed the reaction on the crisis inside Communist party closely One of the articles of the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " tells that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
The dissolution of the Communist party was concerned as the one of the features of the Soviet Union collapse .
In the Washington Post the editorial remarks that the failure of the Moscow coup has finally broke the influence of the Communist Party over the power structures and the world outlook of Soviet people .
The official collapse of the Soviet Union has occurred in December 1991 .
On the 25th of December 1991 Gorbachov has officially resigned .
The Washington Post has written down : " a spokesman for Russian President Boris Yeltsin said that the Soviet Union will cease to exist by the end of 1991 .
A world where everybody is able to communicate in the same language - is that pure utopia or may it be a considerable idea ?
Moreover English is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotiating within the business market .
While teaching everyone English it would also be profitable to instruct basic knowledge in mathematics , physics or other relevant topics which might be helpful .
Such a standardised educational system for every single person on the world would therefore not only benefit the communication or existing businesses but also help third - world countries to start companies , trade and industrialise their countries so they can take care of themselves and emerge out of poverty .
In order to accomplish this endowment there would be a necessity of teachers which leads to many new job opportunities .
After all , a couple of professions might become extinct , for example translators , but , therefore , the organisation and execution of this big project would provide a range of other jobs which can make up for the ones lost .
However , this great improvement still holds a few weaknesses .
On the other hand the suggestion of English as the world wide spoken language might be up against much criticism since the United States do not have many supporters everywhere .
Under this circumstance , some people may rather take public transport to save money for their " dream house " rather than buying a car .
Like our ancestors would have never imagined that we can now fly in the sky by plane .
Technological advancement is , after all , always something that drops us a bombshell , so rapid that we can never predict how far it can go .
Maybe one day we need no cars , or public transport .
Simply by thinking of a specific location , we can go there in a split second .
There 's not much work you have to do on a normal day , but maybe this will be a special one , because of the match between Celta and Real Madrid that is going to be celebrated half a kilometre away .
Once you close it , it would be great if you could let the keys in David 's house , which is in the same building .
There is about 14 workers in the shop , divided in 2 groups with different schedule each one .
The bill will be assumed by us .
For example , a close relationship or a serious illness make us look at the world around us through different eyes , and also they let us grow into more interesting and nicer human beings .
Furthermore , we sometimes feel scared to face new experience and then we can lose a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
So , do n't worry and take t - shirts and shorts !
Nowadays , there 's more to school than sitting quietly at the desk and saving mathematical equations .
Not only is it an advantage for their health if they 're able to create healthy meals , but also does it strengthen relationships among classmates , as they might help and support each other while trying new dishes .
Teachers can take up the role of the parents and giving them a knowledge about finances and the right way to handle it .
To conclude , there are a lot of things worth considering to teach in school .
He uses to travel from place to place following the most burning news around the world .
To fly in different continents is nowadays easy but still expensive .
During winter Brussels might be quite cold .
Nevertheless , his stay was not as pleasant as he had thought .
Jake 's main challenge was to move around and reach the places he had planned to visit both for his research and for tourist purposes .
Its inhabitants move around exclusively on their own cars .
To make matters even better , there was some music played a few meters ahead , which contributed to liven up the spirit of everyone present there .
If I had also a year free , I would only prefer travelling not working .
If you decide to ground in Geneva , I suggest you to visit first the north of Switzerland from the west to the east and then the south of Switzerland from the east to the west .
Therefore , I suggest you to work during your travelling time .
For instance if you plan to stay more than one week in Zermat in Wallis , think to try to find a place where you could help in a restaurant or a shop .
She said that she would go out in five minutes .
Five more minutes went by , and he decided to get into the bungalow .
They both know what would happen if Tris 's husband found out a stranger in his house .
Finally you can choose who would travel with you .
Second , people on the boats are granted the opportunity to see beautiful ocean lives , while taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the birds in the sky for planes are travelling at such a high speed .
In the first place , few people did know about this law , and , of course , most business opposed the idea .
It 's not easy for me to talk about myself , but I 'll give my best .
Before moving to Augsburg , I studied biology for two semesters in Erlangen , but soon noticed that it was n't the right subject of study for me .
Also I visited the USA multiple times : I travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
Starting with the social skills , it is obvious that a football match is a dispute , a game we involve in with the intention to win .
Unlike chess or bridge , football makes you leap , run , kick .
In a club you will find professional advice and also as many peopole as it is necessary for a match .
To me , a dream vacation is like going to a beautiful island like Palau , where I can enjoy the sunshine and the sea .
When I am there , I would start my day by calling room service for a wonderful breakfast in bed .
As the day goes on , I would also go swimming in the deep blue sea , go snorkeling or just lie on the beach .
Once I have enough money , I will have my dream vacations come true .
I would like to apply for the job which includes working in summer camps all over the USA .
This essay will discuss the implications of social media for everyday life , emphasizing the problems which arose with the use of Facebook and Twitter .
Social networks websites can be explained as a web usefulness that admit people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts which is possible to share connection and look and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
These kinds of websites allows people to interact with others precisely by smartphones or computers .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not especially for socialising but also for academic purposes , like to obtain benefit for their studies or to recover time in discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA used Facebook to share a vídeo of a felony with the expectancy to identify the suspects and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in return to the publication .
Additionally , a politician from Philadelphia , USA was elected after take advantage of his Twitter account appropriately during his campaign .
My ex - husband taught me not to be involved with some kind of people by analyzing his behavior before commitment .
I learned that a man does anything to conquer a woman , he even does a lot of hateful things for him such as going to her home every night to stay together or to hang out , while later you find out that he hates going to places except his house .
One day she figured out how to escape through a hidden passage , she got to the town and ran and jump , she did every little thing she was n't aloud to since so long .
While she was having some fun , a handsome boy crashed her and she fall to the ground .
The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answer him with a big smile - You are excused , my name is Sophie.- It truly was love at first sight .
Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that through the time became in more than just a friendship , they fall in love for each other .
Princess Sophie send him a lot of letters telling him the truth about her , and about her cursed .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he has made a mistake .
They meet by chance and started a tortuous relationship as friends .
I personally think that the film transmit an interesting view of the psychiatric illnesses and the importance of the family in this type of problems .
I strongly recommend you to go and see the film .
This information can help the organizers of next year 's festival in choosing appropriate music and catering to a variety of tastes .
The boy soon becomes friends with the psychologist , and he started noticing plenty of things about this exceptional boy .
The fact that everyone from the community cand participate at our events is helping us to develop a positive relation between the college and the community .
Especially , when it comes to go shopping .
The way Easter and specifically Good Friday is celebrated is gradually deprived of religious content .
People do n't want to to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directly to the cheerful part of Easter celebration , so to Easter Sunday .
Suffering as well as death is pushed away from our real life - we do n't want to experience them but rather watch it on different kinds of TV shows .
It was a hot summer day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes at the cleanners , everyone except Peter .
Although some schools offer the chance of doing these , many others do not do .
To sum up , it is important motivating the young people to do physical exercise .
Back in the time , when I successfully passed the third grade , my parents decided to let me pick the present that I want as a reward .
The very first thing came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sitting on my house 's door step and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was joining them instead of watching them enjoying their times .
I tried couple of sizes to see which one fits more .
I could not be more excited to join my friends .
I knew that skating is the thing I want to do for the rest of my life , the thing I want to tell people about when they ask me what your favorite thing to do is .
I kept trying to know more about skating .
I entered middle school ; I met two friends who also love to skate , Mohammed and Khalid .
When we met on the weekend , I noticed that they were different ; they have different skates , and different methods of skating , they slid on edges and skated on the park benches .
I realized that this is what I am looking for , a new additional excitement to add to skating .
I had to wait for two months to buy a new pair of skates , but this time it is aggressive skates .
I introduced myself , and as I thought , they were vising from a different city .
The more we get deep into the conversation , the more I want to learn this type of skating .
They showed me what slalom skating is .
I knew at that moment that I want to change my style of skating .
A friend suggested giving ice skating a shot , and for me , everything worth trying just to be able to skate again .
Today , After 10 years of skating , I wonder sometimes what my life would be without skating . I believe that skating is a huge part of me , Mohammed , and I am positive that if this part was missing , my path in life would have changed and I will never be the same person I am now .
Singapore could be the place that you would find everything you are looking for .
This place is a hub where east and west meet , it has been one of the biggest and busiest port in the world .
I ca n't suffer even a second 's moment of our awkward silences .
I was always having things to do .
Modern technologies , the development of mass media are allowed advertising to become the greatest art from the 20th century .
Writing the play : first , you may ask learners to invent profiles and to tell you about their characters ; second , learners can write the basic outline of the play or you can adapt a familiar story .
Some learners will not want a spiaking part , you can even ask them to be promters .
Although people do enjoy the convenience and privacy of travelling in their own private vehicles , in my opinion they may choose public transport if it fulfils certain conditions .
My future career in teaching would be greatly enhance by earning a degree at your university .
Furthermore , it is better for the planet to ride a bike instead of a car because cycling does n't produce any pollution .
How are things ? I get your message last week .
I was working with two people and we were to check two thousand tickets !
" Dear me ! How can you be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively taping his feet .
The boy began to mourn .
After watching this , I returned to my house hoping the man forgives the child .
This text lead us into the ( for me unknown ) world of horse racing .
If you like animals you 'll ejoy seeing that beautiful horses running and vaulting as fast as they can .
And of course , if you 're not an it - girl , you can spend a lot of money and choose a wrong dress to attend Ascot and perhaps you 'll have to view the races from behind a curtain .
At first you have to know that the technical term for this is " mobile banking " .
I hope I could help you with this information .
One of the cabins broke down and the person who was inside it waked up .
Louis was convinced that this new project will be an incredible opportunity for him to try new things and study different fields , which he enjoyed , he loved to read about science , inventions , and stay up to date with the news .
That 's exactly what he began doing .
He send an e - mail to the tour company explaining his situation and sudden interest in this project .
They told that it was alright if he was interested in other projects , but he still needed to give the same working performance .
The company told Louis that they wanted to compromise in this project and help Louis .
He wanted to conquest as much territory down the sea level as he could .
He loved the idea to descend to the bottom of the sea where his ideas would n't be taken away or heard .
If not , the consumers of this product will end buried .
Firstly , a car could carry only 5 people at a time .
The less we use cars , the less traffic we shall see in the roads .
Secondly , having a car implies different costs to be afforded .
If a person constantly uses his / her car , he / she shall need to pay for more petrol .
Equally important , a car requires maintenance and it shall be another expense that the owner has to cover .
Finally , if every person drives his / her own car , pollution shall considerably increase affecting air conditions .
I had to stand because we were shifting our house and had just sold almost all of our furniture on OLX .
Taking a year off might help people who are uncertain about what to do next to make up their minds , while trying new things and making new experiences that will be useful later on their lives .
It would certainly be counterproductive and a waste of time if the time would be spent doing nothing and just passing the time like it were a long vacation , but if it is used to make new experiences , a year off can change the future of a person .
It can be a great opportunity to travel , meet new cultures and people , or it can be a chance to work to save up money for being able to afford the cost of the university planned on attending .
Or maybe during the year off somebody could also decide that they do n't want to continue their studies , because they already found what they want to do or be .
In my free time I like to meet with my friends , go skiing , listening to some music and watching films and series .
I 'm also very self - confident and independent , as I live alone , what has make me a very good cooker .
At the beginning of this course , as a first year postgraduate student , I was ambitious for creating a new mechanical product or at least part of it at the end of this course by applying knowledge and skills that are provided throughout the course .
Before taking part in this course , my concept about mechanical design was about applying either self knowledge or working as a part of a team to design mechanical products that are easy to be manufactured , durable and financial reliable .
My thoughts about mechanical design were somewhat match with the information that is provided in the first three weeks .
By attending the first three lectures , I soon realized that my general concept about mechanical design is quite simple as my thoughts about mechanical design is purely just creating new products .
The first thing I have noticed is the importance of clarifying all the requirements with the clients .
As soon as I met my group , I discovered how far behind I am in terms of using English to demonstrate the ideas and lure the attention from other group members .
Response : My education degree is Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Master degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
From my point of view , many people use cars owe to the awful quality of some buses , trains …
This is because there is a huge number of water usage presenting in people 's daily life , they just need to be collected to filter waste parts .
For example , those recycled water can be utilized to water plants in a garden , but if they are clear enough , residents only need to heat them to wash dishes or even drink .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money into upgrade technology instead of other field such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect dwellers ' physical health and promote their living standard .
Despite over shared water resources could lead to violence and even international tension , few countries suffered these problems .
As you can imagine , there are some advices that you should do///know if you want to take it up .
I 'm sure you will agree that it can be one of your best experiences if you pay attention to your instructor all the time .
Besides , camera work , props and special effects deserve to be called silver screen features , while staging implies actors to convey their play through body movements and energy .
In addition , using this identification may assist parents , educators and clinicians to tackle the learning disorder .
Tom has joined a volunteering team at St. Michael 's Hospital and this was his first day .
He will deal with temporarily disabled people who come for a rehabilitation session every other day .
The ultimate aim is to get a feedback for service - improvement purpose .
Tom has prepared a set of questions to ask .
He then introduced himself and made a clear statement about the objective of the focus group and assured them that their identity will not be revealed .
Here we have brand products and no name products .
Now the question is , if it is really justified that brand products are much more expensive than no name products .
Most people associate brand products automatically with higher quality or better taste , while they think no name products are just cheap and without any quality and a bad taste .
In surveys , it was asked if consumers would rather buy brand products or no name products .
After that the consumers made a blind taste test .
As a result you can say it is not always justified that brand products are more expensive than comparable other ones .
Only the brand and the good marketing makes it that expensive , not better quality or better taste .
In some cases it may be true that brand products are better than no names , for example technology products , but products like Red Bull or others like that , are definitely not always better .
We had won three free plane tickets to Rome in a competition , and we were looking forward to our trip for months .
The passport was ready in an hour , so we were hurrying to the gate and got on the plane .
You do n't have to worry about getting to my house , because it 's really simple , and I 'm helping you making it even more simple by picking you up at the train station of my town .
It may seems boring and time wasting to wait in queues , but it is n't .
Also , that make them do their jobs efficiently .
I 've never had any experience of this kind before , but I have a brother three years younger than me and a little cousin who 's seven years old with whom I use to play a lot when I do n't have to study .
English is also my favorite language since I was a child , I started studying it at the age of three with a really nice teacher named Helen and I continued improving my English watching American movies and TV shows during the past few years .
If I move again I know it would take another year to find other people at least .
He closed the window not to hear the laughs and yells of his friends , playing soccer in the field in front of his house : " I never liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , but the more he tried , the harder it get to focus on his book .
He stood up , hesitating for a few seconds , then glanced at his book once again and finally got out of his room and said " Please mom , tell him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "
I fancy its streets crowded by workers and peasants that have been called to support the revolution .
I would do my best for making their imprisonment less hard and , above all , I 'd try to convince the Parliament not to sentence them to the death penalty .
Thank you very much again for helping me getting the tickets for the concert in London but unfortunately I have bad news for you today .
I would let you the ticket so at least you have the chance to enjoy that event even if it is n't with me .
On the same year , I succeeded the strenuous Brazilian Bar exam with a remarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
I profoundly comprehend the theoretical ascertainment for this career , which is that international trade requires rational economic decisions with legally binding consequences .
In conclusion , as an international legal professional , I must be prepared for alternative methods of dispute resolution regarding cross - border transactions , giving the increasingly requirement to look beyond domestic law to find appropriate solutions .
The LLM in International Business Regulation , Litigation and Arbitration at New York University is irrefutably the postgraduate program that I need to ensure the outcome aimed .
Our specie has achieved great things , but despite all the great discoveries , there is still one problem we have not been able to suppress , a problem that has been haunting us since unmemorable times : racism .
In the 19th century , slavery had been eradicated from America , but soon another problem originated and took its place .
It makes me feel sad to realize that racism is still a problem from which society suffers . I wonder , Why do we have the necessity of feeling superior to other people ?
We are all equal to God 's eyes , and I believe we all have the same right of living a peaceful life based on mutual respect .
For example , it is claimed that it is more convenient to travel by car than bus because you can make breaks whenever you want to and they are more spacious .
About the task that you ask me to do , unfortunately I do n't have enough knowledge about LIMS yet .
I understand that the new programme have some specific requisites related to preservation of analysed samples .
I will transmit it to them and we will discuss them .
Michael however , made a living off his fights , at a young age Michael was attacked and mugged in the street so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be bullied again .
Although the main reason that prevents me from using them are my colleagues .
Maybe you understand this discrepancy between activate pupils and the pressure of the school board for the best test results .
She was walikng around the city thinking about the job she just lost .
But then something gone wrong and she just walked away .
He could heard the thunders shouting with rage , a rage he wished he could feel again .
These small thing gives me a lot .
My family knows most of my secrets , they know my worries and joys , they know that I am thinking about things .
They fulfill all the functions that my friends has , and they fulfill them even better .
Fossil fuels are our most common energy source , even though , they produced a terrible effect on global warming on account of releasing gases into the atmosphere .
Just look at oil , nature takes millions of years to form it and we have almost ended it .
All things considered , I believe that renewable energy will be the most common energy in the future as it does n't damage global warming although it is expensive to afford .
With reference to his work experience , he has worked for a multinational company for 5 years .
I am writing to apply for the position of PR manager at your company , as advertised on the website www.yarkiyshop.ru.My task consists in helping your company to reinforce the brand as leader of industry and to promote it through advertising .
I had 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand nzmed companies:"Barbie","The Children 's World","My Toys".In these companies I was engaged in advertising of toys .
Many people linked and bought my hand - made toys .
I saw the announcement of your school in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm writing to have more details .
Hans Feurer is a mainstay of fashion photography since the late 1960s .
Weight lifting is involves the basic and most natural human movements .
Every time I go to the gym I feel like I have to breaking my limits and replace them with the feeling of success .
The best advice I can give for a newbie is to do not go the gym at all without knowledge .
Look up on the Internet how to execute the exercises properly .
Eating healthy foods are the other part of that sport .
Each weightlifter receives three attempts in each , and the combined total of the highest two successful lifts determines the overall result within a bodyweight category .
It is well known that this kind of facility help students make the most of their time while learning English .
It will be advisable to change the catering service .
We will be grateful if any of these problems were solved by the committee .
However if you are still very stressed , then you might drop one of them , I certainly do n't know which one you should drop , I think I would drop the music lessons , because sports are good for your physical and mental health , and also help you to be fit and it 's more interesting for me ; but maybe a list with the pros and cons of sports and music lessons can help you .
Start asking yourself Which one do you like the most ?
Environmental problems today are more worrisome , if we not do something for our planet , in a few years we will suffer the consequences .
Enough talk , is time to make a decision : we want a better world , or , we want to see it destroyed in a few years .
Simple things like recycling garbage , walking short distances instead of using cars , not throwing garbage on the streets or oceans , can mean a considerable change , because if we add the small efforts of each of us , the results are translated into millions of people .
Just think about your future and in your family , and when you see rubbish lying in the street , remember that you can become the superhero that someday be satisfied because he did something to save the planet .
Computer - based learning would be a great idea of attracting more foreign students because that will maximize their technological capabilities , so that more work will be implemented .
You can choose the time and the days you will like to go and she has fantastic offers if you do not want to spend a huge amount of money .
The metaphor is the Bible uses to express this relationship is covenant .
It uses only fresh ingredients from naples that come there every day .
You can sit there and wait for your pizza while watching the football match or bring your pizza home .
We must keep doing our day - to - day concerns at work and at home , and , at the same time , keep holding our social life and entertainment activities .
But this is faulty reasoning : it accept the idea that a genius is always recognized on the basis that in history geniuses have always been recognized - which is not true , or at least is not demonstrable .
First , classes with discussion between professor and student had an advantage for the student because they learn how to interact with their fellow student .
Consequently , he was able to tell us how the cost of the treatment are less , how doctors are dedicated , and how everybody has access to primary health care .
As a result we all know what to be done so that we can make little changes in the reform to lessen the cost of the treatment .
As you can see , open discussion in the class are really important since they broaden your horizon and help you to understand different nation 's policies .
Second , open discussion in the class help you to develop certain skills in order to become an independent thinker and speaker .
As a result I overcome my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found its not difficult as I expected .
This experience taught me that it is better ti participate in a class with open discussion because it provide you with speaking and thinking abilities which are imperative for your career .
I love to serving customers and to dealing with different and complex situations .
It was late , and there was a lot of work to do , so he 'd better catch up .
However , considering the complexity of the society , I believe it better to learn in schools rather than from parents .
For example , one of my senior high school 's classmate had encountered communication problem involved in the other 's family .
As a consequence , they never talk to each other since then .
The society as a whole is a place where both competition and cooperation take turn continuously influence every member .
Learning in schools , however , provides valuable opportunity for children to learn not only from teachers , but also from relationships between peers , and as a result , proves the way for being independent in the future .
In a nutshell , there is a great deal of knowledge needs to be gained for children in order to live in a society .
I totally encourage you to try it at least once and I 'm sure you will desire to repeat !
So , that 's why I gave up the idea to do it and decided to be a shaggy - girl= )
Furthermore , it gives you the chance to enjoy the works done in that language .
There are an incredible amount of things to learn .
Think of those Chinese women obliged to constrain their feet .
We lived in a time of accelerated changes .
Would Telecommunications Engineer ( 263311 ) be the right nominated occupation for me ?
The European Union is created and meant to be an organization that helps all of its members to develop economically and socially while contributing to the common good of the whole union itself .
At that time , the Order sent to Vatican an urgent message and called the press for making the announcement of the discovery .
It 's pork which is seasoned with red wine and , then , is well braised .
His first stop was the car garage where he had to pay and take his friend Rob 's car .
The price was supposed to be 10 pounds , but they end up being 25 pounds , so Tom had to put money from his own pocket .
After taking the car out of the garage , he had to drive all the way to the airport and wait for Rob to come .
It was a quarter to two , so tom laid back in his chair , took a big breath and waited for his workmates to come .
According to UNESCO literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and that creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieve sustainable development , peace and democracy .
The shot clock is a timer that dictates the amount of time during which one team can maintain possession of the ball .
The idea behind it is to quicken the pace of the game and preventing it from becoming stalled .
Some people claim that the youth of today is less healthy than they were two decades ago .
For example , commercials can be used to stimulate youngsters to take up exercise by showing the positive effects .
In conclusion , I feel that not only the ground for the low level of fitness of today 's youth , but also the clue to get youngsters fitter , lies in the modernity .
The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel had been invented but was used only by criminal organizations who sent those they want killed in the past where a professional killer , a looper , was waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
In the competitive world that we inhabit , dominating a technique and having a deep knowledge of a given field is essential for both academic and professional success .
As any other unscientific " truth " that circulates and cause harm to our society , this one can only be eliminated through the reading of scientific and specialised publications on the topic , so that the effective manners of becoming talented in something can be adopted , before the popular believes take our motivation and self - belief away .
A narrative approach to explore and investigate clinical reasoning development can provide a vocabulary that encourages us to integrate insights from different frameworks in ways that combine the strengths of each .
Many people do breakfast in the bar with an espresso or a cappuccino and a croissant .
I 'm placed next to Brain Cox and something inside me wilts because I know I am sitting next to a superior being and he will soon find out I 'm a two - celled worm .
I am next to someone who knows what happened to make the big bang , he sees atoms and electrons and even knows what they are .
He does n't think about things that I , a mere mortal does , like whether or not there is food on my teeth , and death .
I am also a Spanish Red Cross camp leader , as I fancy all kinds of sports such as swimming , sailing , kayaking , rock climbing , etc .
I also have a high level of spoken English because for 8 years I had been attending a summer camp in Scotland , where lately I was asked to carry on as instructor .
I would be suitable for the job advertised because I am extrovert , easygoing , hardworking , thoughtful , and love children and practising outdoor activities such as camping , fishing and cooking , I also enjoy teaching children new skills and helping them to develop their self - confidence .
Furthermore , information about these facts have become much more available .
Furthermore , it 's easy to know about these valuable discoveries .
My life has been on a boring plateau for a while now and I was looking for a change as well as more personal burgeon .
But now , they told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Insrael for what they did during these hard times .
Their story was written and folks finally could discover what happened there between the years nineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - five .
Last month a monument was erected in their memory so that nobody forgets what happened in that large forest where - as the people would say in that time - German soldiers can not guard all wood , unless they stood behind each spruce ....
I also think that there would be fewer people using public transport in the future but some will still be available because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a car or travelling by plane .
After the assessment and evaluation we will be able to adjust the necessary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to which point the proposed aims have been achieved and we will be able to judge the programme planning as a whole .
As to the teacher , we will find out whether the programme planning was adequate or not and if s / he was sufficiently implied in the learning - teaching process .
Society is continually changing , ever since we create the first civilizations .
You have a lot of hotels to stay if you want to be more than a day and the people is really nice , or if you want you can stay at my house of course .
I 'm looking forward to see you soon !
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay , You will meet some of the most popular places of this beautiful conuntry .
This also gives the pupils the possibility of presenting their classmates to new knowledge - and the communicative situation is authentic .
For those who are looking for cheap , but practical clothes I will recommend to go to one of the shopping malls of the capital .
And if you try to find a good product for a reasonable price visit the city 's outlet - collections of the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
AIESEC has 64 years of experience in developing high - potential youth into globally minded responsible leaders .
Why people become homeless ?
I believe we can decline the number of homeless people in Japan by providing them with information and skills .
Homeless people tend to unable to collect information because of lack in means to do it .
The skills include the ability to communicate with people and to conquer hardships .
Then , he came to know that there was a class that provide homeless people with skills of cleaning floor for free .
He came to know how pleasant it is to overcome hard situations .
But incinerate a huge part of the rainforest means a destruction of the habitat of wildlife .
Even though their couple was of the quarelling type , everyone around them , friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair was as solid as a rock , and despite the ups and downs , love had always won in the end .
And each time it occurred , Cecilia burst in tears , and Michael had to rock his sobbing wife like a baby .
Nowadays , experience is more important than academic knowledge to gain a job .
Success in a job depends on the amount of theoretical knowledge that a person had in academic institution .
When employees face any problems or difficulties in work , it must be referred to the theory that explain this phenomenon , without knowing this theory employees ca n't overcome these difficulties , for instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
Second of all , theoretical qualifications are crucial for employees , as it helps t people to think and solve all problems in a fair way .
Scientific approach is more important to deal with problems , beginning with determining problems and then studying all factors and related information .
When traveling to city centers , choosing public transport is to be advised , because parking a car in the city is really expensive and it is very hard to find a space .
IN that way it will take a lot of your time , while the bus or tramway have their own bus lanes , and hence are running smoothly .
When traveling to rural areas , it is quite difficult by public transport , because sometimes there is hardly any no train or bus for the far out places and the tiny villages .
Because not may people going to these places , the schedule will be very tight and the bus will only leave once every hour .
The system , which was in practice since the British rule , was modified under the ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Criminal Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
In fact informal justice system is directly proportional to the Jirga that originally owns its roots to Baloch culture and had been transferred to Sindhi society progressively .
In recent years , many nations are developing their own economy rapidly , and it takes that many areas of farmlands and forests are being cut down to build a better and bigger house and a more convenient transportation system .
For example , Japan is the world 's third largest economy after the United States and China , its economy is so developed , but food , oil , and other resources are all imported , and it put a lot of heavy industry into developing countries in order to protect its own environment .
Secendly , with the increasing of the earth 's population , the area of farmland is also decreasing .
I think that it would have to develop science and technology such as Yuan Longping 's hybrid rice , or after the food can make people 's great and then vigorously develop the economy .
My babysitting duties were to bring the children to bed , provide lunch or dinner , play with and read to them .
Since I worked twice as a group instructor at a local summer camp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12 year old children from the experience I mentioned .
Next time I will be going on such a trip I need to make sure that I have a fully charged mobile with me .
I had worked in a clothing shop in the past , so I have some sales experience as well .
My duties included check guests in and out , plan and organize group arrivals , assist in cash advances , exchange money , check guest folios and give commercial information to customers .
For these reasons I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of jobs , I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and see things in a very simple and natural way .
I got into his bedroom , and there it was : the letter .
I suddenly knew what had happened , he took his own life , and my heart broke .
Since grandpa passed away I started loving my grandma even more .
It calmes me down and freaks me out at the same time .
Lately I could n't get enough sleep because of that .
But I never thought that it can be that serious .
Allison was the girl who joined the group together : all of the girls liked her and she was always the centre of attention .
On the other hand , lack of privacy is a major disadvantage in a famous person 's life as their personal life 's boundaries are constantly trespassed by paparazzi and journalists .
In this way I 'd had the chance to know different people from all over the world and at the same time I 'd earn some money to visit the city and the castles of England , where many historical battles were fought .
I read in an ad on the internet that young people are asked to amuse sick children and I 'd be really happy to tear them a smile !
Will you help me writing a striking curriculum ?
I 'm meeting two friends of mine in Bristol where we 're renting a little car and we 're travelling without destination !
Michel 's parents were out so it was the perfect excuse to have an amazing party in the living room , even though they forbid him meeting with friends .
When the night fall and all the guests had arrived , Michael started to lose control of the situation .
Suddenly , a deafening noise coming from the dining room stopped the party but nobody knew what happened .
