It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
I think that the public transport will always be in the future .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Agra .
We have stopped at hotels for having food and just in case if any of us feels hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wait anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & Flight ) .
I am looking forward to join you in this year summer camps .
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love plays with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport play every place , when I travel on the beach I like plays with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
when I was young I like plays with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of place to travel .
But , if you want I look for a job from you .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
Today public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Also people need not to suffer high operating cost running their own car .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
If I had it to choose between both transportation I think I probably chose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In some strategic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
All this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Example like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that 's all will delighted us .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
After many years he still dream to become a super hero .
He enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
Kate was cursing the university of fashion .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and get mad saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
In following day , she said sorry and them was happy again .
But when them get to the home of Michael they fight again and Michael get a knife and kill her .
Michael get away from there .
For instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
In my country , taipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
For example , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
It cause global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
What other precautions , is usually taken ?
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away
Although , the better option , is pick out a train .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
Friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
More importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , the families played important roles in daily lives .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Old computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
But wait a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
On the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient as give the chance to you to be independent .
I bornt to be a football player .
When I see football on the television I dream with play in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was student .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a responese , Thanks .
public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
to summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in past 10 years
Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment was bring for biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
Recycling item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
Not so long ago , we are had competition .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try dicribe everything precisely , becouse I know that you very
I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
On the other hand , I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby for me !
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
Because not everyone afford to buy their own car .
What is the " Family " meaning ?
By the way , NewZealand have a cool weather .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
You can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of you .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
We ever played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laugh a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me .
Both like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
In some perespectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vehicle .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted air .
Are you free for weckend , have you any plans .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interesedt , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
Jordan Romero has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
They listen to the music and can we are singing .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
Jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .
He prefer study in your home .
My names is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in german .
Her eyes looks as the sun .
But she is ignored me .
My favourite sport is run .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feel me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In the last few years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
Here there is one : do television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
The last time who I was here I have eat the best pizza that I have ever eat in my life .
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
Currently , most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
I 'm your employee , to serve on your company .
But pay a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom say to her of another girl so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an andventure .
So they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
the two boys heard that he was planing to steal some money and kill people so the boys start their adventure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hais , I hated that !
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practise all the days until you can .
You 'll wake up early for going dance , or do dance classes .
You do n't matter if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
Also i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
Actually i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good atencion and service .
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
3- it exercise all muscles of your body
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transporotation avaliable
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
I met many people in the park .
I never thought about , people got so many pet .
Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
Apart from that , Karate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but todays generation is influenced whit technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
he phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to register the competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trip .
Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
If it have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
All around the world pupils are waiting for finishing school .
Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .
Also they would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
People collects trash of their house and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
Lastly , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .
He does n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen .
I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .
I 'm writing because I tell you about my last summer holiday .
English is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .
They use at least one hour to learn English knowledge a day .
English do help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn a true China .
Learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
for example , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , not peace , not a happy .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .
Get in to the room .
Let me watch your house .
Let me allow to enter in to your cabin .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .
People just started to evacuated rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
Penny was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
Until the dawn all of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no one find something .
Like they were very religious ants they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
The actors had monitors that watch the ants all the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
So they make a plan to display all ...
The next day when they were about to start filming they ere non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n't find them ...
In that moment the ants and Penny attack them in their backs , making them to leave the place .
The ants win the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .
No one attack them again and they live happily ever after !
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
I really cra
I go back home and have a sleep deeply when I finished it .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continues destroyed more agricultures and forest in order to satisfy all their need , which will distory the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem.first of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
This is not my first time that I study English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I have taken that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that ooportunity I said yes .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health
I want to say something about the learning of the English Languaje , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
My favourite team is India because I belongs to this country .
In 1993 , Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that 's change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite sport man belong to this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar know as little master .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person .
Not only me but also every Indian always follow Sachin for cricket .
He is the first player who played 200 test in cricket .
I love the way he was played .
For a nuance first they have to decide what they con do better , batting or bowling .
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
l wish you will have a impressed time .
People usually went here for shopping or eating .
I can recommed you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
You may consider my advice .
The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
So these are the advice that I give to them .
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
Organized shares , where everyone clean up the village .
In my village there are trash cans , so that no one threw debris on the ground .
Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .
Like watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle Ive'd known .
To sum it up I still consider having their own car is way more safe and convinient .
To begin with , extract the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
However , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
Next to go will be , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland were over - developed and become an arid place when she was a child .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
In a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
The longer we burry our heads in sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
I learn English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
We hope you keep preferring us .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
With reference to the above , I will like to apply the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
It is well known that many Art curators and Artists believes that Contemporary Art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times this is unintelligible .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
On the first day before the sports day begin , we have the opening ceremony .
The teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different place .
So I know that there was someone whose name pronounce same as me .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and the wind passing my face .
That feel was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
At last , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already try my best .
At last of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses have got .
My house which got number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house will get the champion .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
I implicated my class from winning the champion .
At last , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my house will get the champion in the next year .
We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but no always .
One upon a time there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
Her mom die because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
Had 12 years old .
Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Ana who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
She stay sleeping in the bed and doing nothing all day .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never work .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live there for only an year .
Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classes .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
So if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
Then I revise Maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the exam .
But when I finished before the time I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd have a posibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime my parents took me with them and we drove together .
My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
When I was older , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn skiiing perfectly like my parents .
Later when I was 16 years old , my dream get true .
I took every free minute to drive snowboard .
That was the story why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowoarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
She got up and look around .
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
If she did , how she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
She knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
First reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
Second is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is less .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
There are a lot of people in the beach .
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family .
yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passangers
Looking forward to know more about you .
increasing the number of tries and plants and punish the person who cuts them .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
guide the people and giving them of infomation , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Volleyball in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
I been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
Volleyball its my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in life .
However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
Michael wake up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
The competition is about write stories .
Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
Different experts had talked about this question and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom for moving comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
What about you?What 's new in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There are a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to report to people .
Why am I making this choice you clearly can ask , I love sun and good weather .
Yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
During summer I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends other than getting fun with them playing volleyball or run inside the water of the sea !
Furthermore you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this make you feel relaxed .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and a different culture .
It was really importatnt for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
He invited all his friends from team and made a party .
She was dreaming about being his wife .
He hated that she is always late .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beating faster and faster .
No ! He has never acted like this .
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
Mel has lost the baby .
He has broken up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
He thought it was her fault that she has lost their little human .
Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is fairly simple and it can gives a lot of satisfactions !
Your efforts will be prized by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
·Others ideas to have fun
If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Castelldefels !
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Salou .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than take a taxi .
Moreover I send you a map in order to locate the street .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to clubbing with you .
I am Engineer of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
The delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delivery .
I hope to hear from you soon and having my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak hours and the guiders are everywhere and ready give a help .
With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
Desgin the bank notes are the first and indispensable step .
Then , skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique ink also the images will be slightly raised .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually divided the quality into three parts : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from de village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
People now is worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet is called .
We also value that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than I tell you before in that e - mail .
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concert ?
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
In general I had only one duty that is checking quest list , above that I had to help in cleaning area after the concert .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
Second , the teachers were really good skills to teach .
This way we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up the report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
In addition , I think that the settings are very reallistic and the actors had a great performance .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
Last two years , I worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
I asked myself many times what is the aim of our life ?
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
I guess that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even cars .
he price for independent transport will grow dramatically .
I reckon that that will change the habits of the public .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
Next to go would be , students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For example , when the semester start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a break time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
I enjoy this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport you have to do it because you really like it .
if you do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
Something that made me happy was to see my family .
The flight was approximatly five hours where I watch beautiful movies .
He have a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
In New York I eat so much , I also went to the city thay never sleeps , Manhattan .
I take too much photos because you do nt visit places like that everyday .
Something that made me very happy was to visit my family .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she say they do not see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
they annoying me
The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexual where some state admit this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even the federal government let each state function independently , it still control on the main decisions .
In conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her companion .
This minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice I would suggest you to ask for sauces with lower pepper .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
Unsurprisingly , social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
This essay will force on benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comments potential future of these implications .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involve with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other appearances .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitter is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs are taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations lifes(teenagers and kids ) .
What a wonderful day ! There is an April now and finally spring came .
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
For doing different kind of sports you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to me .
Why will I recommend this to you ?
Hockey will change the way you see the world and you are going to start seen it with other eyes .
The environmental care is taking strength every day , from kids too ancient people .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
I think the government will slow down the fee in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens , for example , the children learn at school how to separate the waste .
Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the car and they will emit less air pollution .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or papers .
She is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
All over the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Nowadays , deep and wide valley of the Nile became the most important transport line for Egypt .
They knew when it will be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
For centuries this building had been the symbol of this city .
It is ruined through the ages , but now people understand his importance and take care of it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
Variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has equal advantage and disadvantages .
However , during the rush hour , there are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
Moreover , I think that provide the seat to elders is also a problem .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
Somehow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even command young adults or students offer their seat without manners !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to criticize expect that .
I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together finding ways to deal .
I work for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our family .
When we see all this cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that one day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
If they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
However , there will always be people who dislike to be a driver anyway .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
All the examples above will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and hopeless future .
Everyone lives in despair , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
When people know that they were deceived , that they trust were broken , heads will roll .
The passion for the cause is the key to survive .
I did n't choose that , this job has chosen me .
I managed to succeeded in many competitions in the country and abroad .
In our modern world , many people are suffered from stress that spring from life conditions .
In holidays , people can away from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
The reason is that people must complate their tasks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in holidays people are getting closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that never see for a long time .
They can pray for God and it gives a relief for people .
In holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking when hot weather .
In my point of view , Cycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhausts are emitted per person .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays our cities become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for each person becomes more limited than before .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
Last but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relax .
On the one hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the word without the language barrier .
Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
Also I consider that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
I had a part - time job as babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
We ate delicious food and play interesting games altogether .
After having tea , we play hide - and - seek altogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I immediately came to her and held her up . '
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart is pounding since I was worried about Winnie .
Thanks to that it can expand or reduced .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
I want explain to you some interesting part from my experience .
When we were arranging concert plan we made work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
They were always wanted to change some songs which was on the list .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually everybody can be worried because they gave time and effort for it .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
I want to invite you to our next concert which will be next month if you have any time please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
From black - and - white adds posted in public places we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
The recent developments in mobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an add from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic side .
If I had such house , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my garden .
As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Finally , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
Number of Channels are gradually reducing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that televison program .
to join your small group on a trip around the world .
I am interested in to join your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
Basically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near the Cambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
First of all , you should get outside of the airport terminal .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
In my opinion we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
I love the food here and I think my classmates too .
I do not know how do they make and cook them .
It is a flavour similar to stay in the heaven or in the paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
I disagree with the statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
Furthermore , books develops imagination of reader .
I suppose that books are better than them film version .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll!Could you bye it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
You supposed to use your brain as well .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested to work with you .
In Italy , I attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in fact since when I was younger , I have done the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money saved for it .
When I was little I had tried a lot of sports , Handball , Swimming , Tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagine : Football .
Have you ever think about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now , some women and I started to organize female matches , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it takes part of my life .
The interior is big , so all the class could stay inside without problems .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
In my view , public person deserve to have their own life , without photographing .
Famous people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
People are thought being jealous .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
In the other hand many of stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money .
The value of their talent , abilities are counted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to help .
We need not to cram English words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
I 'm motivated , flexible and openminded person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
The more people you will meet the more easy it will become for you to find a friend .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
Also it makes us more clever .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his tablet computers
Personally for me , I like books very much .when I at home I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
We should use it but we are must not forget about books .
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she is pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He knew that she loves him as much as he loves her , but everything was just too wrong on this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
They both knew that they love each other and they care about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to her girlfriend that he needs a break and he have to be alone .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
And that is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
I get a bit scared so I search them outside in the streets .
I did n't knew that a bomb hit on the city and killed almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were does the explosion hit .
I think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is gon na try to enforce the laws .
In the next morning I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy has a hump .
I stomp him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
In some ways that she robbed the food in the night and I wake up it was good for my survival .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing excercise like reducing or take control of you re weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with you re body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Many disagree about the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
Finally , many developed countries on the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jam have been decreased .
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being truthful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting in the occasion .
People usually tend not telling her the truth since it could make her feelings .
In that case , they could still make conversions without boiling her mood .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just got acquainted .
If there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from asking details about it by say that I just had some errands to run .
Last Friday , Michael and I was in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
The door was n't broke into pieces or fell down .
My curiosity had put me into a big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happened like what I hoped .
I ended getting expelled from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I steal our classmate - Sally 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to speak out .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important to communicate .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which are important for the kids development .
I think that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we built and write in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he would find some supplies and ammo to survive .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pests on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tells us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunger started everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inside so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
Like all the industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost for each area and each building .
In my opinion big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
The people who lives in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the menaces of the maze .
He took the role of a runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and look for an exit of this place .
Still , they only have the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that hidden inside the maze .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more , what I love about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball , most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you probably missed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you haven't seen a game go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish are taken .
That is very good idea , because that robbish undergo a recycling .
Every body care about cleanlinees in the front of the house and in the garden .
Especially spring is a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
New Eltham have beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
As I was eaten with my friend Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina beef , it was very tasty .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the exclusion .
Also this illegality is the guilty for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment become in an addiction that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has proved some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
But unluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you can take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for last ten years .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
what I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
As a matter of fact , car ownership have increased over the last decades reducing the amount of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
This whole business started to get on his nerves .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I wish to be a great engineer one day so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try enter at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
Tacontento was the place we choose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
That day did not finish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel we went to movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
The plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
The last day of The Puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter ending make us feel curious about their next meeting .
Probably , the thief will take Pip to an unwanted adventure that will make him growing up faster .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmit .
She knew she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .
Sports starts being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds .
Their realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
From the 4 source ate , 3 of them remained a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated stable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology Alexis told me to try and contact you .
Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
City X " incinerates hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , and send 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
A technological development make people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
To make sure you get the position successfully , here are some useful advice and information you might want to know .
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language courses for example ?
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I ran out of time .
The Carbon dioxide emissions is very small .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replace fossil fuels .
Energy which we get from sun and wind is still are only a few percent of world energy production .
The most expensive thing in nuclear plant is to hire qualified personnel .
The Phone Bank might give quite a good offer for you .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make all bank operations on spot .
And doing operations by phone are actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics has given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've selected above .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opprtunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to make some research on Czech Republic before taking any step in applying .
Czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe !
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
They seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problem , however , you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
There are lots of countries that do not
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
Geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well spend .
Most of the people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all planed and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages .
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .
Secondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four junger siblings .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
The number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a public transport .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
Consider as well how many days do you have for vacations .
Being back to our everyday life .
What if we use the public transport to get to work ?
Why using the first narration ?
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this friction , the author invited us know what inside the madman 's mind .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts .
First , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax .
Every time when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , something ensued .
At the same time , the heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the animal .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Real problem starts when journalists injures not the celebrity , but its friends or family .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to having fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit confirming that great places still exists .
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .
Last week I was borrowed an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
So I had n't have time for much .
I have been totally immerse in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had plan .
I haven't find time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Receive a big hug from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Moreover they remind in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistance .
In my opinion the sites in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protect for UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others strength to succeed as a team .
Apart from his cricketing skills I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
I will also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
It 's about a teen couple who are diyng because of cancer , and they have different ways to think about life and death .
This movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really important things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
No one can assure such a thing .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country declare war to another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its roots in much older times .
I am look forward to receiving your answer !
Today , most of them are hosting cafés , shops and restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
Apart from the featured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one can not omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one that even when you can make yourself generally understood , It is not so easy to be precise .
Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't rembember is that it could be also the worst .
Adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems you can see something threw it , in reality you do n't .
As I said adolescents could be very confused and if there 's a thing that get under our skinn is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall usleep at night .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
change the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract form the entertainment .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
Voltaire show his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
Throughout the book we begin to see how Candide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
She has become ugly and grew worse by the day .
If we miss the boat I think we will drawn before the next boat comes .
Further changes are forecast for Britain , effecting day to day matters , to create a " European Standard " .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
To illistrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
This is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
This has now been intensifyed with the sale of the railways , to privite rail companys , profit motivated .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with T.V. channels competeing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
Although far less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their knees and elbows .
This hypocritical view is shoved by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
The British national lottery run by non British firms .
The lottery seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
I had asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left --
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abolishing in many countries and many countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
There are people who are agains this , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child having started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
Through no fault of her own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
In cows it is commonly know as mad cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
Wether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
BSE is a disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
Gone is the age that the woman is required to stay home .
For so many years the good that feminists have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has becomed more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
Relationships seemed to be valued more than one night stands .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
Computers have definitely effected peoples lives .
I have a computer and my life has change because of it .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to this w/ a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
W / out this luxury , the International Programs Office would inevitably inundated w/ paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
While previously people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
The waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistant for centuries .
Progress has move slow like the tides and the constant rythm of the waves have showed little changed .
However with the daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
With this storm the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
In the 20th Century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
The parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Candide .
Someone who live in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudice toward Blacks at first .
Our country has been coined a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all come from different background but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
