It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
I would like to study Psychology , because one day I would like to open my own psychology clinic and help people .
I think that public transport will always exist in the future .
I consider it more convenient to drive a car , because you carry more things in your own car than when travelling by car .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realize the importance of public transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been on and the place I visited was Agra .
We stopped at hotels to have food and just in case any of us felt hungry , we purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to stop anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer camps .
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach I like playing with my sister in the sand and then we go in the sea .
When I was young I liked playing with a ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
How are you ? I 'm writing to give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to visit .
But , if you want , I will look for a job for you .
Her sister is 6 years old and you would have to look after her every weekend .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on doing so in the future .
Also , people need not suffer the high operating cost of running their own car .
In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use cars more than buses or the underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground , but on the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both modes of transport are good , and cars do n't need necessarily to bring an end to public transport .
If I had to choose between both forms of transportation , I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
At some strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and plastic bottles and they also give talks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
All these initiatives have made us all , over the years , a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to share about my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . Why do I choose it ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that everything will delight us .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : to be a super hero !
After many years , he still dreamt of becoming a super hero .
He went to university to study medicine because he thought that that profession was the most similar to being a super hero .
After some years at university he met a girl called Kate and he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him .
Kate was attending university to study fashion .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and got mad , saying that she was lying and did n't have a heart .
The following day , she said sorry and they were happy again .
But when they got to Michael 's house , they fought again and Michael got a knife and kill her .
Michael got away from there .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid being stuck in traffic .
It is true that travelling by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it will cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
In my city , Taipei , we are always stuck in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
For example , carbon dioxide , which is emitted by cars .
It causes global warming , which threatens our environment and harms our daily life .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weather - related disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process is started right away .
However , the best option is to choose a train .
There is n't any comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the route that you are taking and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
Friends can communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happen around us .
More importantly , parents give us life and they teach us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , family members play important roles in our daily lives .
First of all , we can learn lots of skills from parents based on their own experience .
For example , we can learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we can also learn how to make a meal from parents .
Secondly , family members can give you some advice about how to deal with the things which cause you trouble .
If difficulties are shared with family members , ideas will come up to your family members and they will communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
As we can see , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Old computers used to occupy one entire room , now , they are only the size of a box , even the size of a book .
Old computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing video games , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousands of them .
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
But wait a minute , am I really sufficiently angry to do this ?
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
On the one hand , travel by car is really much more convenient , as it gives you the chance to be independent .
I was born to be a football player .
When I watch football on television I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and winning the best championship , the Uefa Champions League , and the best scorer of all time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I have experience of holding basketball competitions when I was a student .
If you think I am the right person you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaper and also safer , but some people prefer cars . To what extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
Nowadays all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer driving their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
To summarise , it is different from some oneis opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and that in the end , cars will disappear and will no longer be used .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and , with low budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
Development of the biodiesel industry can make a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment was brought to biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boosted economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of the town , is the environment .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home according to a rule of the provincial government .
People do not realize that cutting down a tree can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighbour cities take part in cleaning the environment so one day it can be seen in the whole country .
Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
We achieved this result because we are friendly and organised .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , because I know that you very
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later , so I could speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I attended a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
On the other hand , I took care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You should know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to get the job , or the hobby for me !
In my opinion , public transport wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .
Because not everyone can afford to buy their own car .
What does " Family " mean ?
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try of their food .
You can also buy a lot of gifts , like key chains , statues , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
If I have the means , I will go there and take all of you .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throw it all together in black sacks .
We always played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I knew that they would never talk unkindly about me .
We both like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
This advertisement for a job has been read by a suitable person .
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
Despite the fact that personal vehicles like the car are now popular , in the future , the existence of public transport will still be absolutely crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always remain at a constant level , and someday it will run out .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of these new types of energy , and travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a using private car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , and it will become much more convenient .
In some ways , these problems are caused by the overuse of personal vehicles .
People will realise that using their own car is just wasting their time in traffic jams or gradually killing themselves by breathing polluted air .
Are you free at the weekend ? Have you got any plans ?
Me and my friends are going to the cinema , and I am inviting you to go with us .
If you are interested , meet me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema entrance .
Jordan Romero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
My friends and I like TV programs , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
Sometimes we go to partyies in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
They listen to music and we sing .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and he also dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the best singer . He sings and talks at the party .
Another person is Angel . He does n't dance anywhere .
He prefers to study at home .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
Her eyes look like the sun .
But she ignores me .
My favourite sport is running .
I like to run fast , so fast in fact that it feels as if I am running on air and my feet hardly touch the ground between strides .
I like to feel the ground under my feet is soft , so soft , not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the streets of the city .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little faster and then , after 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensitivity , robustness of results and less time required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change has happened .
Here there is one : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
Apart from educational content , there is so much bad content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
The last time I was there I ate the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds one of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of shells and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .
Currently , most people are used to using their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to it being more comfortable .
I 'm your employee , I work for your company .
But the pay is a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students , completing summer homework , correcting homework , diligently assisting the instructor , helped the instructor organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also cleaning the classroom , very hard work , but I have nothing to complain about .
I think that the government should help the public transport , for example buses , trains , the metro and more , for a single reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Conversely , in small towns , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest money in transport , because fewer people would use it .
On Monday , Tom was walking to school and he saw his friend Huck and they talked a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom said to her about another girl , so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
When Tom saw his house , he sneaked into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day , the people of the town went to church to attend the funeral of Tom , because many people thought that Tom was dead . But suddenly Tom opened the door and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered like an adventure .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure with stopping Injuin Joe ...
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
This is an esay about my favourite sport . It has been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a chance to go the to swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
Luckily , the operation was fine and she stopped coming with me , and since that day , I go on my own .
I would recommended people who do not know to how swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will like it and later they can stop swimming .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising all day until you can .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or take dance classes .
You do n't mind if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
Actually , I prefer spending my time alone . I am working in another town , so I live away from my family .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers good attention and service .
We think that in the future the planet will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have wars .
The temperature will have become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will fly above streets and computers will have totally changed .
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
The creator of heaven and the earth , the creator of souls , the one who makes earth rotate around itself and around the sun .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
I meet many people in the park .
I never thought about it before . People have so many pets .
Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes his contribution to family duties .
The fans of this series had been waiting for this movie since the first movie appeared . That was in 2012 .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance , even culture .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who is starting Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology is always being upgraded and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's generation is influenced by technology to such an extent that they have stopped doing other activities .
but there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends that can lend him some .
He phoned me and asked me to lend him some money to register for the competition .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has seats for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
The AVE or aeroplane is a good option for long trips .
Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
If there were police all around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
All around the world pupils are waiting to finish school .
Ten or eleven years at school makes them tired , although pupils do n't notice it .
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer work .
People collect household trash and await the trash truck that carries the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would cost for all the different options ?
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because that is a good way to learn a language as well .
Finally , let me know if I need to take any placement test before starting .
They were planning to steal a very precious thing from a museum tonight .
He did n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to make it happen .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday .
English is an international language which has become important for the modern world .
They spend at least one hour learning English every day .
English does help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn about the true China .
To learn about a country 's culture , especially its classical culture , the first thing is to learn its language .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to meat , but it is perfect for having dinner with your friends .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time ; you can not have a life , no peace , not a happy .
Nevertheless , the journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and who they spend time with , if stay with something important or what they buy .
This is terrible . You do not have privacy , and society should take some of the blame , because if they do not take a photo or follow the lives of the famous , people will be bored .
Go into the room .
Let me see your house .
Let me enter your cabin .
He hated being like that because most of the ants made fun of him , until one day something horrible and inevitable happened .
People just started to evacuate rapidly until it started a big earthquake ...
Penny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
By dawn all of them had got out , so they sacred until they found a refuge .
Everyone wanted to see the queen , but no one found her .
As they were very religious ants , they prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help them with the problem .
The actors had monitors that watched the ants all the time .
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time she got mad and she wanted revenge .
So they made a plan to display all ...
The next day , when they were about to start filming , there were no ants there , so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
At that moment , the ants and Penny attacked them from behind , making them leave the place .
The ants won the war and they expanded their habitat to the studio .
No one attacked them again and they lived happily ever after !
I make sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
I am really cra
I go back home and have a deep sleep when I have finished .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
Convincing arguments support the fact that the root cause is that almost all the present - day cities are already packed with places of residence , commercial premises and recreation facilities and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and forest in order to satisfy all their needs , which will destroy the ecosystem , diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
In light of the problems mentioned above , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing building construction from now on , and planting more trees instead .
This is not the first time that I have studied English .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I never spoken and learnt so well as I have since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yes .
The car is n't the best way forward for transport , because it produces a lot of pollution , but public transport is better for a journey .
Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
This situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's health .
I want to say something about learning the English language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
My favourite team is India because I am from this country .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won its first world cup and that changed the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite sportsman plays this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , also known as little master .
Whenever I play this game , I always copy this person .
Not only me but also every Indian always follows Sachin for cricket .
He was the first player who played a 200 test in cricket .
I love the way he plays .
For a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide , is what they can do better , batting or bowling .
If you want to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , stance and , batsmen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination . Discover some shots which have become key factors in batting .
l hope you will have an impressive time .
People usually come here for shopping or eating .
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to get a job .
You should consider my advice .
The advice that I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they might not learn to swim , and also , when you become older it will be more difficult to learn than when you are young .
So this is the advice that I give to them .
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I read your advertisement in the newspaper !
I do n't have problems with working in a kitchen , which will be clear if I tell you that my parents have a bar .
In view of my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
Organized shares , where everyone cleans up the village .
In my village there are trash cans , so that no one throws rubbish on the ground .
Wszysycy , residents of my village , they try to , so that our village is clean and pollutes the environment as little as possible .
Firstly , the bus is always stopping to pick up a passenger so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
Finally , there is a risk of becoming a victim of theft and pickpocketing .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and , for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting journey for then to see more action .
Like looking outside or sightseeing , mingling and meeting different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan which I consider the fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
To sum up , I still consider having your own car way more safe and convenient .
To begin with , extracting the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
However , it will probably disappear if the developing equipment were being set .
Next , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely lead to air pollution .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when she was a child .
After she grew up , she decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
Due to mineral extraction , many people in our hometown will probably earn much more money than before .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and examples above , the disadvantages of extracting valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
The longer we bury our heads in the sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't agree with it , especially while cars are not flying .
We hope you keep choosing us .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when my parents are busy with their jobs .
With reference to the above , I would like to apply to the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it will not be possible to stop .
On the first day before the sports day began , we had the opening ceremony .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in a different place .
So I knew that there was someone whose name was pronounced the same as mine .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and felt the wind passing my face .
That feeling was very pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
At last , I was tenth out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 'd tried my best .
At the end of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses had got .
My house was number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house to be the champions .
Finally , our class was the first runner - up .
We had a difference of 0.5 seconds between us and the winner of the race .
I prevented my class from winning the championship .
In the end , my house was the runner - up .
I hope my house will win the championship next year .
We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and he was 27 years old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
His mom died because something or someone dragged her by the leg and pulled her into a cave where other animals ate her .
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even at reverse , but he never found them .
The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 years old and she loved to run and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
The second daughter was named Elizabeth and was a leopard She . was the intelligent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
She was 12 years old .
Other animals gave them rewards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Ana , who was the youngest of the family and was a jaguar .
She stay in bed and did nothing all day .
Her parents were angry because she was the only one that never worked .
One day , the animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus returning home I read a newspaper with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year .
Hello Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
You have been having classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports , because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to classes .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
So , if the kids hurt themselves , then l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
Then I revised Maths at home before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
But when I finished before the time was up I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I would pass that test and I was sure of that .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already buy the tickets .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the afternoon , my parents took me with them and we skied together .
My father took me between his knees , because I could ski without falling over and it was fun .
When I was older , I was able to get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I had to learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
I took every free minute to go snowboarding .
That is the story of why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are going down the piste .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for anyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Also , you spend all the time in the countryside and if you are lucky , you can see animals .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
She got up and looked around .
She started to take consciousness , although she could n't remember how she got there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
The problem was , the last thing she remembered was that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of the wind .
If she did , how did she manage to walk there in her sleep ?
She knew her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all three , I would say plane .
The first reason is its speed compared to both other means of transportation . It can travel faster .
Second is safety , compared to other modes of transport , the chances of accidents are less .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who has attended high school .
There were a lot of people on the beach .
I sunbathed for a very long time and then I went to a cafe and and I drank a drink .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
Looking forward to finding out more about you .
increase the number of trees and plants and punish people who cut them down .
establish factories outside of the village .
guide people and give them information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You have to put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
I have been playing volleyball for twelve years and because of that I have got to know a lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distraction from university .
You should try playing , it 's such fun , but I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you have to try many times like you should do in life .
However , I sometimes do skipping to keep myself fit .
Michael woke up in the morning and read the newspaper .
The competition was about writing stories .
Michael was excited because he was a great writer and he decided to enter .
Michael sent the story but he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name and address .
Different experts have talked about this question and so there are several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to travel comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
In spite of this range of media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
On the one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we watch has a lot of mentions of products or services .
There are a lot of products which have to be advertised and a lot of messages to report to people .
Why do I make this choice you clearly can ask : I love sun and good weather .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay in the sun because you end up being burnt by the sun .
During summer I love to go to the beach and go sunbathing with my friends as well as having fun with them playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and experience a different culture .
It was really important to him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had n't achieved anything .
He invited all his friends from the team and had a party .
She dreamt of being his wife .
He hated that she was always late .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
No ! He had never acted like this .
He decided to give swimming up and start to take care of Mel .
Mel lost the baby .
He broke up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little human .
Even if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to do is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to make a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air , creates a wonderful state of mind .
I took lessons for six months , and I improved my abilities so much .
I recommend that you do n't give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Your efforts will be rewarded with success , and you can get it through practice .
·Other ideas for having fun
If you tried all the activities , you would have a great time here in Castelldefels !
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than taking a taxi .
Also , I am sending you a map in order to locate the street .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and to go clubbing with you .
I am an Engineer of Execution in Mines , I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
Nowadays , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people are learning languages , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
The delivery error was made by you , so this time , it should be sent with free delivery .
I hope to hear from you soon and have my batteries at my home as quickly as possible .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities and games which are held creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in peak hours and the trainers are everywhere and ready to give help .
With the purpose of attracting more people to join the club , besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid problems .
Designing the bank notes is the first and indispensable step .
Then , skilled machinists prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The colour will be printed on both sides and every note has its unique ink . Also , the images will be slightly raised .
After that comes the most significant stage ; that is , inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually divide the quality into three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged but still good sheets , people will cut them into separate notes and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes .
While youngsters use their time trying to inform the oldest people of the village about the importance of taking care of our surroundings , middle - aged people have planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we have one of the cleanest villages in the area .
People now are worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet , it is called .
We also require that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year 's experience .
Is it possible to hold the meeting this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we could hold the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to travel to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles of the qualities that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than the one I told you before in that e - mail .
Do you remember when I told you I had been helping at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
In general , I had only one duty , and that was checking the guest list . On top of that , I had to help with cleaning the area after the concert .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth taking into account for the next course that will take place next year .
Second , the teachers had really good teaching skills .
That way , we would have been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up the report , will I just say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic and the actors gave a great performance .
I am 20 years old , and I live in Port - Said , Egypt .
Over the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can work miracles in our lives , so I chose this program because I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of your life ?
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for community service and the development of my society , as I hope to come back and teach others what I have learnt .
I saw your advertisement this morning and I am really interested in it .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
I guess that in our future there will be no helicopters , and not even any cars .
he price for independent transport will increase dramatically .
I think that that will change the habits of the public .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher , while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they studied last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because , after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because the long vacation will get students used to having fun instead of studying , and partly because some difficult courses should be continually studied .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
Next would be , students get used to relaxing because of having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For example , when the semester starts , students can not get over the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having a long break .
For instance , learning English should be a daily activity . If you have a long time without studying English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a high probability that you are healthy .
So , if you are starting this sport , you should do it because you will really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to do other sports .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
The flight was approximately five hours during which I watched beautiful movies .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " , who looks just like me .
In New York I ate so much . I also went to the city that never sleeps : Manhattan .
I took so many photos because you do n't visit places like that every day .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those for hiring an apartment , and because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is more efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
They annoy me .
The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture , when it may create some conflicts between states .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals , where some states allow this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even though the federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls the main decisions .
In conclusion , federal government , which gives freedom and power , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confusion over responsibility .
People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the trip : arrive , get away from the frustration of an unknown place , get along with your travel companion , succeed as a traveler and arrive home triumphant .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler finds a way to get along with his or her companion .
This minimal chance will make a big difference when you visit another city .
As an example , if you are able to get along with your travel companion , you can enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places of common interest such as museums or malls .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food , and also , most of the time , could get angry about the excessive amount of pepper that the Mexican people usually use to prepare their food .
As a piece of advice , I would suggest you ask for sauces with less pepper .
In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious flavour that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I have offered two important pieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get along with your companion in order to have fun , and try to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comment the on potential future of these implications .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , so everybody can easily respond as it is a public opinion .
Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to see each other 's appearances .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter should improve their futures by solving the personal privacy problem .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook and Twitter are that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generation 's lives ( teenagers and kids ) .
What a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally spring has come .
The first spring birds have come back from the warm countries .
To do different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
Through all my life I have wanted to improve at this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle to me .
Why would I recommend this to you ?
Hockey will change the way you see the world and you will start to see it with different eyes .
Environmental care is gaining strength every day , from kids to elderly people .
If people did n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably happen when the destination is far from the place where you live .
I think the government should reduce the fares on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
The city council has conducted several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate waste .
Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid using a car and they will create less air pollution .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or paper .
She is able to make such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization , which is over 6 thousand years old .
Throughout time , the Nile has been the only source of water for Egyptians .
Nowadays , the deep and wide valley of the Nile has become the most important transport line for Egypt .
They knew when it would be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water artery of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developed , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
For centuries , this building has been the symbol of this city .
It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand that we should never give up and to follow our dreams .
A number of buses are provided by the government in order to meet people 's financial means .
Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy while travelling and it is convenient
To sum up , with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
However , during the rush hour , there are always such a ruin people who have no public awareness at all .
Moreover , I think that providing seats for elderly people is also a problem .
Priority seats are reserved for those who need them , not only elderly people but also some adults need them .
Somehow , you ca n't always identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even criticise them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats to someone else .
Moreover , some old people might take this considerate action for granted and they might even command young adults or students to offer their seat without manners !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city has nothing to criticize expect that .
I have also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , contability and investments .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always being willing to learn , respecting other points of view and finding ways to deal .
I have worked for the same large company for 25 years , so , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
I need to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reunite our family .
When we see all the cars in our yards , when we sit in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leave our car and use public transport .
If they contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anyway .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the same time you are also getting to know its culture , getting to know a different culture and society different than yours . It enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more terrible incidents happening around the world .
Technologically advanced countries have cleared a great number of forests and land to build tall buildings .
All the examples above will increase the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
If people around the world do n't put more emphasis on our natural environment , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Everyone will live in despair , but be unable to find the entrance to brightness .
When people find out that they have been deceived , that their trust was betrayed , heads will roll .
The passion for the cause is the key to surviving .
I did n't choose that . This job chose me .
I managed to win many competitions in this country and abroad .
In our modern world , many people are suffering from stress that springs from life conditions .
During holidays , people can get away from daily problems and also can spend more time with their friends and family .
The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual thoughts .
It can be clearly seen that during holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that they haven't seen for a long time .
They can pray to God and it is a relief for people .
During holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
Also , holidays are very helpful days to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to get away from modern life , which is full of material subjects .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowering CO2 emissions .
Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking during hot weather .
From my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport .
Even though cars can provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be ignored .
As we all know , the more passengers use public transport , the less car exhaust is emitted per person .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saves lives .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays , our cities are becoming larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for each person is becoming more limited than before .
If every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling opportunity , I suppose that our streets will become a car park and everyone will spend more time in congestion .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
For a passenger , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also , in recent years expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has became something essential in our lives to find a job .
Also , I think that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
I have had a part - time job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - old brother very often .
I have worked in an Easter camp too , and I have already organised a lot of activities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
We ate delicious food and played interesting games together .
After having tea , we played hide - and - seek together in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I immediately went to her and picked her up . '
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart was pounding because I was worried about Winnie .
Thanks to that , it can expand or contract .
If you want to start to learn to swim , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your own age .
During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
When we were arranging the concert plan we did work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checking sound volume and lights .
They were always wanting to change some songs which were on the list .
During the concert , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
Actually , everybody was worried because they had given their time and effort for it .
It is difficult to describe that feeling .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please come and see how we prepare for the concert .
From black - and - white ads posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor ads placed in every available and imaginable spot .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer personalized advertising to each of us .
I 'm sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the ads on the buses I see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
Advertising might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
If I had such a house , I would like to install a barbecue area in my garden .
As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you will need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
The number of channels is gradually decreasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who , to watch this or that television program .
to joining your small group on a trip around the world .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to find out more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
It will be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll be studying English for 5 months .
First of all , you should go out of the airport terminal .
That 's why you do n't have to bring warm clothes .
I am delighted to be seeing you soon .
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment in order to do work better than before .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea for the main course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , a more or less relaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I think that we should vote on this , because we will have a good night or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know something new about other classmates .
I love the food there and I think my classmates will too .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
It is a flavour similar to being in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
I disagree with the statement above because , in the future , we are likely to have only two classes in society : the rich and the poor .
So , I believe we will either have public transport or people will be as they were in the stone age .
Firstly , reading helps you to become a well educated person and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
I think that books are better than their film versions .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll ! Could you buy it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't refuse her , so she bought it .
Although you might be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose in the end .
You are supposed to use your brain as well .
Some children want to play tennis because of money or glory .
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
In Italy , I attend a school for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
I 'm also good at dealing with people . In fact , since when I was younger , I was the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in her cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it every day .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be guaranteed to achieve your goals at all , so it could become a real nightmare if you do not focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
When I was little , I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I could never imagine : football .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now some other women and I have started to organize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
The interior is big , so all the class could be inside without problems .
I think this is the best restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
In my view , public figures deserve to have their own life , without being photographed .
Famous people are obligated to live their lives in an exemplary way .
People are thought to be jealous .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , many stars sell their privacy to earn more and more money .
The value of their talent and abilities is measured in the amount of tabloids scandals .
If you use public transport , you can cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one vehicle .
Personally , I have got used to walking around my city and my car is only used if I travel around the country .
However , the important point to discuss is whether it will be a positive change or a negative one .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in a new place . Google maps is always there to help .
We do n't need to memorise English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobiles .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . In the right hands it will be a boon for us , but in the wrong hands it has the power to destroy the world as we know it today .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open - minded person and I have had a lot of experience in this field , as well .
I have really great memories of these experiences and I would really like to relive them .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that think it helps children 's brains to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
The more people you meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
You can find a variety of articles , such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travel , the weather and the environment .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in our life . It seem to me to be good opportunities to make our life easier .
Also , they make us cleverer .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that he forgot a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
Personally , for me , I like books very much . When I am at home , I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
We should use them but we must not forget about books .
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong when she told him that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she was pregnant , he just frozen .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who was standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his future wife .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just all wrong at this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was wrong on this moment .
And now , he was just avoiding her and he was not happy about the news .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
Moreover , I think before doing any kind of sports we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we should not stay at home or work all the time .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of reasonable use of it .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste with the active cooperation of most of the citizens , who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
And that is a negative point . These dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to exchange the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I suddenly remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that did it would be rewarded with a bonus point , but anyways , this is n't important information .
I got a bit scared , so I searched for them outside in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb had hit the city and killed almost everyone . Now I had to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
I think that someone was stealing some of the food in the night while everybody was sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the laws .
The next morning , I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around seeking to kill and eat us .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy had a hump .
I stopped him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was adorable , but suddenly he changed into a big weird creature .
In some ways , the fact that she stole the food in the night and I woke up was good for my survival .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
There are a lot of benefits that go hand in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing exercise .
I recommend you practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Many disagree about whether public transport will disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old boy explains " I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
It is clear that if drivers took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have decreased .
Disagreement on always telling the truth being the most important thing in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being truthful is crucial in a relationship , always telling the truth could be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted is with wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting the occasion .
People usually tend not to tell her the truth , since it could hurt her feelings .
In that case , they could still make conversation without spoiling her mood .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters . People usually tend to keep it private , since , most of the time , it is strange and inappropriate to talk about oneself too much to people at work or even people that one has just got acquainted with .
If there are questions about things one does not want other people to know , they might tell a little white lie , which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a day off to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent other people asking for details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
Last Friday , Michael and I were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The door was n't broken into pieces or fallen down .
My curiosity got me into big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things did n't happen like I hoped .
I ended up getting expelled from the school because the teacher and our classmates suspected Michael and I had stolen our classmate Sally 's wallet .
I could n't believe the teacher and our friends too pointed at us firmly and without giving us any chance to speak out .
I think I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important for communicating .
I like making puzzles or games which involve running and jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
I think that if I watched and learnt how to do it I would learn very fast and could master it .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we had built and wrote on a wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he will find some supplies and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeing my little group diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants I was the only one that had no problems with all the other stuff people had problems with .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker . So we needed to find something that was a # nutritional food which we could eat with no problems and be OK .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could have a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the pharmacy . There was no walkers inside , so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check on us in the night . I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
As in all industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is provided almost for each area and each building .
In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and have some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves against the menaces of the maze .
He took the role of runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and looking for an exit out of this place .
Still , they only had the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down , it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that , tall or small , anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , So , basically , it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you will probably miss something . Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player detects the location of the ball in that amount of time . And then there 's the intensity . If you haven't seen a game , go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd . You 're missing out .
Once per week on Wednesday , rubbish is collected .
That is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden .
Especially in spring , there are a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
New Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
As I was eating with my friend , Moreno , and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked the Chianina beef . It was very tasty .
Legalization of drugs is an argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
Also , this illegality is responsible for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start using drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an addiction that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has tried some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy themself with friends or just to try them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and be very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life , because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to impose limits on themselves .
But unfortunately , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can pick me up from the school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
If I were you and I had a whole summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I would rent a car in order to travel between the cities .
Everything suggested that I would n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Although I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I had inherited a good deal of money .
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been living for the last ten years .
I am very worried about the town where I am living because everybody in this town is not bothered about the rubbish things they do every day .
What I feel is that everyone who is living in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Nevertheless , there is another side to this reality .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fare rather than pay for a full tank .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or you simply do n't like to drive , you could find it easier to take public transport .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport should be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
This whole business has started to get on his nerves .
At the moment , I have finished the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
The big problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and , I think , even at home .
I hope to be at a good English level , because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to get into this school , even though I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
Tacontento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
That day did not end with the tacos . After a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
The sixth day was to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get a Master 's Degree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar because of all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed , so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
The last day of The Puerquitour was rounded off with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about everything and nothing .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the true protagonist and the way of telling the story is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imagining his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair , just from looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who robbed him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter 's ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Probably , the thief will take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to convey .
She had known she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loved her parents very much and she felt loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away .
Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
My only complaint is that there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult to decide what to order .
Sports start being admired by young people and can imprint a model of behavior on the minds of the young .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
From the 4 sources eaten , 3 of them maintained a steady decline , with the exception of chicken consumption , which had risen over the 25 year period .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although they maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 , and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which showed a stable increase from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
Recently , he visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Alexis told me to try contacting you .
Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications all support the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which was declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
City X " incinerates hospital waste , in accordance with legal requirements , and sends 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
The increase in green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fulfils 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
To make sure you get the position successfully , here is some useful advice and information you might want to know .
Have you ever thought about how you could promote your language courses , for example ?
Even if companies hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be growth in the number of job positions in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
The carbon dioxide emissions are very small .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replacing fossil fuels .
Energy which we get from sun and wind is still only a few percent of world energy production .
The most expensive thing in a nuclear power plant is hiring qualified personnel .
The Phone Bank might have quite a good offer for you .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do all banking transactions on the spot .
And doing transactions by phone is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The subjects I 've pursued at high school level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
I would love to work with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the choices I 've selected above .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Czech Republic before taking any step towards applying .
Czech universities provide high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , a safe and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and studying in some parts of Nigeria is not safe !
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to any of my chosen universities and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my chosen university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my chosen university in more ways than one .
They seek solace in someone who they feel more comfortable with .
They sense when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who spend all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
So , if someone really loves their pet , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problems , however , you may need to practise a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Furthermore , you will be able to do canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to see in homeschooling a solution to their children 's education .
There are lots of countries that have not
accepted homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated occurrence .
The geography and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , will surely be taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Built from recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which are more and more popular , even these days .
Although people will keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , whether it be in the morning before going to work or even after .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near my home instead of having to go to a sports center .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills is time well spent .
Most people think that this year is for travelling to other countries and spending all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have everything planned and know for sure that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
I liked this story a lot , firstly , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they take me to another universe , making me forget everyday life .
Secondly , it is very original , because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights are shown to be fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with bringing up my four younger siblings .
I am mostly also interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
The number of cars increases rapidly , but public transport is still in use .
In some cities , it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than to use public transport .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are the driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to leave or stay longer in some place .
Consider , as well , how many days you have for vacations .
Coming back to our everyday life .
What if we used public transport to get to work ?
Why use first person narration ?
First person narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the story and make the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this story , the author invited us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrate into our hearts .
First , the scene that described the murder makes readers unable to stop themselves imagining the images in their minds .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climax .
Every time the sound of heartbeats started , something ensued .
At the same time , the heartbeats also made the readers nervous and anxious .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the varieties of animals which are found there " , Max said to his friends one sunny afternoon .
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to treat the animal .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what they are saying about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
The real problem starts when journalists injure not the celebrity , but their friends or family .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to protect their relatives .
I went to dinner with 6 friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit , confirming that great places still exist .
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my untreated sprained ankle has got worse .
Last week I was lent an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
So I did n't have time for much .
I have been totally immersed in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
From Sunday to Tuesday ) to myself that I was not counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
I decided to go back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave my ankle a rest , which was very much needed too !
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
I haven't found time to download the pictures ( of ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , it was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Have a big hug from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
According to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be reached - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences in the future .
The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it having created more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
Another advantage for a site to being inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List , the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments of heritage preservation .
Moreover , they remain on the list of sites in danger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in danger , unless they do not meet the ten criteria , should be protect by UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
It 's my first passion and I have been following it since as far back as my earliest memory goes .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and take advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
Apart from his cricketing skills , I love his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
I would also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
It 's about a teen couple who are dying of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
This movie touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people usually live without appreciating the really important things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to meet someone new , from another entirely different culture to make me think about what I want .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think that " something " is almost everything .
No one can guarantee such a thing .
One day in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their roots in much older times .
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Today , most of them house cafés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance style , which has remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded courtyard .
Apart from the featured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle displaying its history as well as the other collections .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one should not miss seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one was that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one was that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is not so easy to be precise .
Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it can also be the worst .
Adolescence can be compared to a foggy path and , even when it seems you can see something through it , in reality you ca n't .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under our skin , it is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't let us fall asleep at night .
Moreover , you will pass between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Furthermore , you should install heaters to avoid the cold in the passageway from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation are coming to an end ?
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract from the entertainment .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing ; motor sports and even mountaineering have risks that are real .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
Throughout the book , we begin to see how Candide is gradually led away from l'optimisme or , perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
She has become ugly and grows worse by the day .
If we miss the boat I think we will drown before the next boat comes .
Further changes are forecast for Britain , affecting day to day matters , to create a " European Standard " .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereignty .
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stopped for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
This has now been intensified with the sale of the railways to private rail companies , profit motivated .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
Although far less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
This hypocritical view is shared by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the foreseeable future .
The British national lottery is run by non - British firms .
The lottery seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
I asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left .
Another problem is that people think that the monarchy is being abolished in many countries and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolished in this country , too .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and asking is it fair to the child to have started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
Through no fault of her own , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair to help her to have children .
In cows , it is commonly known as mad cow disease and , by law , any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
BSE is a disease in cows that affects their brain and spinal tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
Gone is the age when the woman was required to stay home .
For so many years , the good that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical , ideas .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
Relationships seem to be valued more than one - night stands .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and increased an entertainer 's salary .
We realize that conserving energy is not just beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
Computers have definitely affected peoples lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this with a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
Without this luxury , the International Programs Office would inevitably be inundated with paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
While , previously , people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening . This allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event , and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law - it can be done immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
The waters of the culinary seas had been calm and consistent for centuries .
Progress had moved slowly like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves showed little change .
However , with the dawn of the twentieth century , a storm brewed .
With this storm the waters churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
In the 20th Century , the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it 's killed ) , but the invention of radio has had a tremendous impact .
The parts of the new machine that need to be oiled and regulated .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire wrote Candide .
Someone who lives in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudiced toward Blacks at first .
Our country has been called a " melting - pot " implying that we all come from different backgrounds but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
