In England where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .
Sometimes the employers do strike and we clients do not known in time as a result we can not get on time to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
When we ask ourselves , how can we take care of the environment ?
perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o similar to carry at home this food or other things .
So , my favourite sport in the present time it is street workout . I have been exercising this sport already long time .
I do n't know myself why , but I almost every day go on the street in order to exercise .
But now not .
For he always defend his mother and always the wife is the responsible one .
I believed in him , but I did n't know how I was wrong .
He had booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because in that moment he had n't got cash enough on him .
This summer happened to me several things , I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best was when I went to a wedding because it was the event that more memories bring me this summer .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
Most of the Metro cities are now days attract people of city towards Metro only not just because of the fare but because of the time that it saves .
Metro is good for even health of the people as no pollution and all because it runs on electricity and also it connect most of the city as Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .
the best thing that can encourage me to open this center that I have in my country 5 friends who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy for joining me in my center .
Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but also you do a lot of exercise .
You start and then you explain to me how are you ?
I like to play football and floorball , I like also to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .
That is the reason why we are going to plant there 1000 trees .
Lots of kisses and hugs , please write soon
They also can walk or ride a cycle .
Well , ecologists say that get around using transport public is more beneficial for the environment than using the car or motorbike .
But actually does it has a future ?
I suppose , the government also have studied this situation too .
Swimming has been always my favourite sport .
Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee but more than often just has time for half mug and runs to work .
She went to the station train and get a ticket to London .
she stayed there and read again the note the address was near to the big ben .
It changes in a different way the person too .
If in a city people are using more public transport than their own private vehicle then it will help to protect environment and traffic as well .
To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It definitely is also educating .
This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call to these people as " alternative " , but it is each day more common and it let a inclusive and diverse society .
They search for tickets flight , rental car , and hotel .
Michael try to think again wisely .
He called back his friends and manage to settle down all the mess up .
But is that big problem in our life or small problem or it really does not matter ?
Or do you really regretted what have you done ?
after that last point we can not go everywhere using a car we would like .
I am waiting only to go there another time !
Unfortunately Max was not as excited as his family , he had never been really into animals .
For example , new computersare smaller in size than the old computers , also they are faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files an other staff like apps
In the last year some political men have decided to put in order our city , so for example they put again to place the roads .
We have still many problems to solve in our city .
Today a lot of people do sports , but all sports are not amused .
He already had enquired about this all the family , nobody hasn't idea which would be good enough .
Sorry for taking too long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy is this period for a sales man .
Butif somebody wants to follow the latest fashion , I accept it , because she just in those clothes feels good .
However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in the classes , but also it is related to the quality of education level in the schools .
My sister is older than me two years .
My father is other person important to me .
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father teaches me what was football , and I loved it but , I really liked the goalkeepers , why I like football since childhood .
As a result , we can have a public transport more comfortable .
In my opinion , the public transport can have future if all we collaborate us to improve .
one day he got fight with her sister , even he made her cry.both of them stop talking to each other and after some day the boy need laptop of her sister sukh .
sukh was so angry with him because he heart her a lot , sukh refuse to give her laptop and her brother start again fighting with her and even he slapped her sister .
Number 's room was 666 .
I did n't have time free .
my family ordered the dinner but l ordered specially pizza and coke because l love pizza .
If in a city there were only cars , the city would n't afford enough parking lots and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get their destinations .
Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to lower the congestion and air pollution by encourage people to use less private cars and turn to use more public transportation and other forms for transportation
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
The Information trhough of the Internet , had beem each day more quickly and it is reaching all parts of the world .
Although , the advancement of technology , besides than bring advantages for everyone , it 's also will cause disadvantages , such as unemployment because machines will make the same or work better than humans .
And also I love children .
which capacity and model we will work on it ?
We stayed in three different hotels and one day , we went also to the sea in Giardini Naxos .
universe is colossaling and still we are knowing little about it .
He studied at University a Degree in Law .
I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
And unfortunately this bad impact exist almost in all lives filed .
although traveling by car is really interesting but still using public transport has its advantages , by using public transport you 're saving effort when driving a car for along distance you will get tired , some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
You raise it once , it would regard you as the owner .
I hope you can take down photos of being abused the cat and you can really reflect . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .
Because , I really love to work with people all of ages , and I would like to appreciate have this post and I 'm energetic and hardworking person .
It will be not tredy because everybody will have his own car .
Television can be a useful strument if it is used with caution , accordingly I recommend use less it for prevent damage to the mental level .
Besides , it will be always useful for people ca n't drive .
To sum up , I would say that people will use more and more public transport , as the oil is getting expensive .
It always can make us save the money and make the environment more nature and fresh .
From first time I said about that to you I had a problem with my health but you answered : it not matter .
We are here to introduce the shopping facilities and shops in this town to you .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish in each green points of the city and also they have to maintain their neighbourhood as clear as are possible .
Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral action as these fetus are being deprive of their right since they have already a life .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teaes me , and to be alert as well .Also , it helps to look always slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well .People who want to start playing karate have to be patient .
Compared to plane , train is relatively safe because it can move only on the land .
One day it was my dream to go there .
Yes , I think it also can educate .
they will correct our tasks and send it again to us .
I like so much Ricki Rikonen , he is a ferrari team driver .
After two years that his essay was released , he will understand that his essay was wrong moreover , Michael will want to apologise many people who read his essay thereby Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , goes to bed thus Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
my school is fine and i like better my country than yours , our teams are betters than your , England are the worst of football , Argentina rules .
But friends maybe in the future go away or hurt you!So you ca n't always based on them!For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and in the end they go away .
These people , those live in a city , do not take her own car or have not one .
No one can deny how much sport is very important to our life health .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
squash sport also can be played individually as two players together or in team of 4 players.squash one of the very nice attractive sports
After printing well , these sheets would be manually inspected closely .
Or sometimes you see during the day horror movies which should not be .
This attitude is more based on the backgrounds of the people rather than the system itself .
Even that you have to find only three more players in this case .
I looked for every day some summer work and I found excellent option .
They always were so friendly , and so kind ... that was strange image that end But that was the sad reality .
Then had to decide with who would stay their cat .
Michael was a boy very intelligent .
Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael open the door and Mia ask if he has a cup of water to give him and he says way he would give a cup of water to an old people .
They even asked me , I wanted to go with who , they grabbed my hands , wanded me go themself , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
First , I registered a swimming pool then I went back to the swimming pool every day in the early morning .
Initially , bank note should be considered the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues.then,the preparation of metal plates is next stage.bank note should be skilled and machinists.thereafter,this stage is printing .worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
And then , the sheets are printed , operator should pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
It has a big mall that has been recently opened up , and it contains everything the visitors might need .
On the other the mall lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has been recently opened .
Who we are ?
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantage of travelling by car was placed by public transport gradually , the future of the public transport is bright .
It is a bit far from my home , behind the fuel station once we left your car .
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion people wo n't have a " really life " : everyone will be always more involved in the virtual life so that they will forget how to talk each other and how express own feelings !
Do not ruin our life , it could be all so perfect !
In public transport people bound to share transport means with strangers and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , but with their own transport we do n't have to bother about these things we travel when we want and when we have time .
I 'm writing you a letter because I was made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what is the film about and how was the experience .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there are so delicious food , it 's that always you want to eat some typical food of your country and at the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat them in excess .
When we used the car , for general , one person is the unique who is accustomed to using your own car , so not is exploiting the potential of this car .
I was impressed because I ' ve never seen before such films .
This report is aiming to give a clear idea about the environment preserving in my town .
the Shopping also will be in the internet , every thing will b !
I do n't mind eating every day there !
The reason for choosing this specifically English language in September future I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .
when I was ten years old really I like to play football too much . I have joined football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .
Fifty minutes passed , when my body no longer was sore .
We love to travel there and here , but this is the place I wish to go long time ago .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about The apartment is very Beautiful not big or small medium - sized left inside two rooms , a bathroom and a dining hall and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view I am sure he will like it to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you too much and I hope to see you soon .
I do n't know the stress of words is where .
So , based on what I have written , I think shopping is not always very happy . We can find something much happier than shopping easily .
HOW YOU CAN THE BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
But there are some problems like these - how will drive a lot of people who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he has some problems with the health .
I ran to help them and also we called the ambulance .
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , is less harmful indeed , in terms of the impact received by the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , meanwhile each new car means increasingly pollute .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
I am interested in this major so much .
Nowdays , in school we learn a lot of subjects , which we less or more use in our lives , some of them are really important , but some of them are just wasting of time .
I think that not is a problem of awareness .
we are locking for salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , and only 2 day per weak .
I asked myself If I had had the possibility of change the world , I would have tried to do all that in your hands .
The best place i ever have been on is an island in the east archipelago in Sweden .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
If you walk on the seaside in the evening you can have also the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that ' great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .
I suggest everybody having the same evening walking , you need just a pair of comfortable shoese !
Looking on a wider span , cars are these days available according to the public demand .
This sport cause fresh and jolly me and I think will exercise cause healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and piece of ground that separate with tie .
Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small paper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .
Once upon a time there was living a little girl in a small town .
I am writing about the international sports I have seen monthly magazine .
I like also walking in public street , gardens , clubs and on the shore.when i want to go anywhere;I do my best to go on foot .
I advice my guys who suffer from laziness and overweight , try to walk one hour at least and after that they will like this sport .
The people start to play football in a regulatory pitch , after some time they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not enough strong for running around the pitch for many times .
If you often train your muscles will become very strong .
Not only will solve pollution , also it will help us to discard obesity .
After that say hi and go with him inside , he told me that our mom was goon to a trip for a week and we have to take care of my little sister .
After some ages we can not attend any this type of activity because we all are become old .So let do and enjoy your young age be happier .
These 2 sports improving human basic ability to reach as possible high capability .
The door rang again and he opened again the door , his sister was with him and she was very scared but there was anybody in the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was higher and he understood all .
I now am studying Software Engineering .
They think that year the student can spend in job to earn money so they can afford their expenses during college .
Or simply the student can spend this time travelling .
Jenny and you are a great couple .
, tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .
Any way congratulations for Jenny and you again .
In conclusion , we look forward to being our village free from pollution and keep our health and enjoy in pure air where our children will grow up .
Internet also can be used to learn and to educate yourself , internet allow us to read books , magazines and short stories .
The moment perfect is when you want , in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening or in the night .
In order to this happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed are particular goals .
All it begin when daughter will come to visit her mother and her step father .
There is n't anything special what I dislike maybe except for the music which was used there .
I highly recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see happening unpredictable situations and likes the feeling of unknown .
The main advantage of learning per Internet is time saving .
He never has been the most famous guitarist in the world , He was just one more guitar player .
However he never has thought in this like a problem .
These are advantages but we can have also disadvantages from them .
I like cricket is the best among all of these sports cricket is a good mind refreshing game
Sam was visited but beside the scary he had only some bruises .
My favourite sport is handball . I play it every day for 4 class .
My first match of handball was in 5 class .
before starting talking about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the most thing I love in my life , I respect them appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .
about my rest of family , as I said before they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends almost , but I do love them to much , first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other who still alive , but i do n't feel that felling of love towards my uncle , I do love him , but he is just my uncle no more .
Looking for any sport make you feel good and your brain be always refresh so that you can begin your day with any sport to making fresh and after that you can make any job with refreshment mind .
Them they drink a cafe that give them many energy to construct faster the building , this café has a combination for the people can to live all the night .
Immediately , I have done shopping there . I bought a skinny blue jeans and black tight dress .
Was everything organized .
By train you did n't will have always place for your luggage .
By plane you can give your luggage at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . you can be always sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
the gifts usually are a book and a ticket for the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
In school I always play with friends never played alone and always my friends and I wins .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our life , definitely families play an essential role community structure .According to the experts we ca n't create successful society without creative families , and one another specific part of your life is a good partners surrounding your daily activities .
so the did n't come outside in the day , and in a room it could not be more than a candle at a time , it had to be always dark in the house .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
In the end , large colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing friendships more from different nationalities , also it serves the community by graduating many students in various majors .
There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . when you were last on a school trip ? where it was and what you have seen ?
It is a gripping film , starring by Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in a quite good playing , that will you keep tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feel unpasible .
This trailer I like and I think that the film would be cool .
also I believe that a good job could be lifeguard , because in summer the people go to the beach and they need lifeguard .
On the other hand , people should think of the environment , pollution , global warming , which all are currently warning .
We should think of our better future and try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge pollution , which is by cars caused and do n't think only to our comfort .
In fact in some countries overdeveloped may will extinguish because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .
Michael just had realized that he did n't heard the alarm clock so he get in panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .
Furthermore , they give advice to those all novice on basketball " do n't ever lost the passion " if because they give up , they wo nt play with the biggest players of the wolrd .
I think one of my favorites sports of all is the atletism I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be every day better than you where yesterday , it force you to improve every time , also is an exercise that help all your body , especially the legs because it gives them great strength , but also your hands because they have to be in a constant movement , and all the body in general because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and help you to have coordination .
I recommended all the people who wants to run that if you do n't feel like you 're improving anyway keep going and whit the time you will see results .
I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor and can fulfill their dream , many ca n't get what they accomplished those players today are very famous
Otherwise everybody wanted a future better .
Another good option is give them a difficult work for every day keep them busy , but I do n't know what kind of job can be , because a person who commit a crime is n't going to do something to help society like communitarian service .
-To Begin with this course , I want to be sure they know the meaning of art , pro I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , with it you explain to me what it is art .
After 4 days all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , to a student , her name was Sandra , she arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , old in which only had a name written in a style different letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
It is a debate that should everyone have to complete military service when they reach 18 years old .
Consequently , people could be more independent and strong , they seems to earlier become mature than other people who do not completed military service .
For instance , some countries allowed people join military service after their all courses was finished .
He went to the station bus to ride on bus .
He took a few minutes for walking to the station bus from his house .
Killed two birds with a stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation because he got his beloved father back and still can pursue his dream to studies in ireland.q
This is a combined story of horror and comedy .
This major involves all , always we have to consider the all possibilities to resolve homework , you have to know the most possible information for can resolve it .
I only could oversee what they do to obtain visual experience and know how was a surgery .
All governments increasing their politic laws about this topic and also they promoted new rules in the daily life of the population .
One of the new rules about the reduction of contamination in the cities is the transport public .
These cities do n't allow to drive in the centre city , the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .
I am very sad to hear you say that you are going to leave our school soon , I do n't really want you to leave this school !
She put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on her beautiful little breast , put right her colourful light - minded skirt , took her orange scarf and red little handbag and went to the door .
So should be careful about the importance of time .I hope to not waste it and use it as the best use for giving opportunity for rising .Those who waste it , will be behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
We also can use appliance that not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electric systems or buy organic products .
My teacher wanted to our speak to French .
The almond is called in Arabic LOZ .
This is an opportunity excellent for me because I want to work like English teacher .
I studied in an English school and learning English since I was a child , my teachers were all natives and I practised my English with them always .
I have worked in the holiday English school this year and I have learned a lot of with this experience .
I live alone , so I cook always my food .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you , expect good for health , it also can make a lot
But , why it will disappear ?
Using public transport we will avoid traffic and so many accidents , so why we do n't use it more ?
I think that travelling by car is good because you have your own sit and in the winter your car is hot and you also can listen to the radio .
finally , a public transport need more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , train ) fees every year is increasing , and this problem we do not face it by private transport ,
Now I will talk about the Daruma , a Japanese restaurant that was for me a very good experience .
I do n't have really an opinion I just do n't know.we will wait and find out .
I like very much cricket because , it gives immense pleasure while playing the cricket .
I can give the advice to the people who are interested in the playing cricket they must know the all rules in the cricket before playing it .
Usually I was a voluteer but I also was a part of few European Project where I was paid for my work .
-Why do we are here ? - Margarita says .
As we know public transportation has not a direct way to fulfill our all destinations then it force us to stop in many stations first , moreover we should take the other one to reach our destination so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Firstly , it leading us to global warming since the concentration of pollution are higher in many countries , moreover actually it is not only leading but also make global warming faster and also can threat our health .
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics were in the first quarter of the year 500 and increased to 620 in the second quarter , in the third quarter sales maintained in 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 , as you can see sales were very unstables .
You have to notice that and go tomorrow jogging .
You can see there some of the most greatest teachers painters .
I and my family were backing for the holiday that we spending at the seaside .
First of all , the public transport is more rather convenient than irvate car .
The owner prefers to leave on only the TV , but often the dining room is silent .
your thoughts are the only ones that will make the differences , so take care of them only and believe in yourself so you could reach the prestige you 're looking for .
I really would enjoy doing this job in the summer because I love to look after children , learn things to them and sport with them .
It 's a quite strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and greatgrandfather had been to travel time .
So he used to his ability travel time for his family .
If you have a great time with your family and co - worker , it is not necessary to travel time .
Garbage truck pick up them twice on the week .
WiFi , port USB , among other things .
I like to play football cause for me , as well as one hobby , is one way to stand out of the world , of the problem that every day I have to face , and at the end it makes me calm and happy .
Could you please tell me how long will be the interview ?
It is a time when children must choose , which people are good or bad , which way they will go to difficult situation for example they will be drink alcohol or they will have fun without any suplements .
Is a little streesfull when you have a lot of work .I hope when I have me job be in charge of security IT department .
So he contacted the police for help immediately .
Maybe there will be also great new discoveries from the medicine that will make disappear any kind of diseases .
Currently we have got more than six different types of banks in our streets but as far as I know it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because nowadays we do produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we do only learn this education in our home in our childhood , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagers in the world about it so I really do help the environments as far as I can .
A couple of years ago , I hardly could see any bins in supermarkets and houses .
Nowadays , I see everywhere bins and even a small kid of 3 years being teached to put unwanted materials in the bin .
We surely pray for the best life of our dear and near ones .
I love the thing , that in this book , there are a lot of German words , so I also could improve my German ( I go to the languages high school ) .
You even can take a rest for awhile pleasingly to sleep or to have a nap .
The most exciting day of my life was when I and my sister discovered that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! that was a very beautiful Holiday !
I had an affair love .
But no , what I can do it ? I still love him , even my love become bigger .
What I should do ?
when I was child , I wore usually blue , grey and red colours .
It is n't incredible ?
First , the graph showed an upward trend to ice cream van , and in 2014,it has the largest percentage of sales nearly 5500 dollars in Jul - Sep .
But I think that the future is the public transport , we need preserve nature , this is an imperative for our world , then the solution have to take the point that the governments do more invest in public transport , so the people do n't need to get a car for being able to have a job and do n't need it for normal development of their lives .
Maybe this sound a bit crazy , but whatever solution will be good , we only must make our minds up for able to look across .
I would have to probably be three times as big as I am to even begin to qualify for something like that but , yeah , I enjoy watching it a lot .
Even she was not able to lift single finger tip as if she was turned into a stone statue .
you must come because I think that my country would you love it and i always help you .
Does n't matter the idea , only the arguments .
And so changed the old music to the new music .
But living 21st centaury , its difficult to blame science where we are benefited through its technological applications on everyday our life to an ever - great extent .
firstly , some people believe that public transport is a significant part in our live and its more difficult to rely on our cars only .
To begin with , we have to try to use as little as possible the car or the bus and try to get at any place walking or by bicycle .
One basic solution for this point is try to not take a shower for so much time but taking it with a bucket and a few minutes .
However , we also have to try to not create more rubbish recycling most of them .
But Long and The Writer helped to again the crown bury because the shadow him was following .
Michael is a man of 22 years , he has studied the career of electricity engenieer and now he wants to put into practice his knowledge .
When he was a kid he wanted to work in a videogames shop so for his good luck it was available a job at Play Station store .
In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but probably I spent more time with my friends than family . I know if I need something my family is always there .
Next , the boat usually is very big , so we can do many activities on it , such as dancing , drinking .
My district makes clean my village and it usually tries to make attractive with new social initiatives for the community .
It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
Public Transportation is convenient for some people and some people think is more convenient the car , finally we will need public transportation on the future .
I work at office and have no ideas where are my friends .
I 'm thirteen years old and live in Stocksund with my two families ( they all do n't live in the same house ) .
I checked connection between Warsaw and Berlin and she might be at 11.10 at Berlin Ostbf station .
Recently when I was in youtube I saw a movie trailer , the film appeared so good and days later my friends told me if I wanted to go them to the cinema , so I decided to go and luckily they had decided to see the film that days before I had seen .
The film is a romantic movie , It is talking about one man , Noa , who lives in a small shore town when he felt in love with a rich girl , but like always the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not enough good for their daughter .
To whom may it concern :
I have at home lots of books here and in my country but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look on charithy and bootsale because I can find lots of nice books and a very good price for them .
Moreover , we have still a lot of things which we can and must improve like travelling security , comfort and economic sources .
I have any particular problem to help them , but I have often some doubt to suggest the place to go for a shopping .
The reason is that in my city there are a lot of shopping facilities good for tourists .
The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents net with your foot only .
Only he needed 50 second to stolen the painting .
This job is great because also I learn a lot of things .
As a result , job satisfaction is a good way to get better paid .
they have also a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents to accompany their grandchildren 's red deck painted with some dolls that say .
Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterizing epistemologically Spanish tourism research through the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .
We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to office , city , home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to save money and time .
A comparison between people who like to use a public transport and private transport shows that first one can save money and time but also they are in relax much more than people who use private transport .
football is a simple sport , where the player must kick the ball in the opponent goal . in this sport , you improve principally the leg muscles but all your body move .
public transport means mainly pubic bus.people used to travell long disistance by publis bus .it is possible to carry large number of people of different places to carry in bus .
Did the people have the same opinion that there is no future for transport , and we only can use horse ?
We 're looking for a new nice home and so we are truly interested to keep your place tide and take care about it as it were our own .
This week we are flexible to come over from Thursday to Saturday , and the days before only in the evening .
I promised to lean for math the whole week .
Do we have to buy one new special machine ?
In my opinion I do not agree with what journalists do , or to me if I were a movie star , a famous man who has done many performances I do not like every hour of the day to be pursued by journalists .
And finally I would like to say yes are against these people , or still might change their style and everything would be ok !
In Stockholm you can do whatever you want , there is places to enjoy for everyone .
Write to me about what were you doing there .
He tought how could he solve his problem and finally he decided to break out .
In the centre city we can go to other shopping center such as : " Passage",Europe","Scorpion".Last weekends we visited Passage .
If I have an opportunity to back on English teaching , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
The town hall put in the streets containers for trash and the workers of tomw hall clean the streets .
Finalize can tell that with the passage of time people we change the way we see the world , comes into play evolution , not only of technology but also of society , religion , etc .
Finally , My apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot advantages more than its disadvatages .
Currently we do usually less exercise than before because we use our car to go anywhere .
My mother always told me that my dad had never time for her and my siblings .
Our lawns also are the problem .
My mouth is dry and have an awful metal taste , head aches , still slightly spinning and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
It was in school , when we were three years old only !
After waiting for 20 minutes , she decided to call the police ; they said " wait for the morning , maybe he went somewhere , now we ca n't help you " .
In my opinión , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . moreover , I think that it is good because you could help to lose wight .
I like very much this sport because it must be play with a gruop of people and is funnier than others sports which you play alone with other opponent , like tennis .
I have swum in the swimming pool and also I have cycle in my bicycle .
I went also , to the mountains with my family .
What are your sources media or what ?
This is due to Lima in the beginning has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , and it only has been improvising to build their way without any criteria to transport its population .
It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day people going picnic and spent the day out of their homes on the nature because they believe that Thirteen number that brings bad luck for them .
Series also can help you to study , for me it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch helped me in school , such as breaking bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
I am very interested in the job , because I would like to work this summer for you .
I think that public transport has a great future because every time there are more people who use it .
Personally , I use more public transport but I hardly ever use private transport
I love my family , we argue hardly ever !
Another thing , at my home there are some rules : I and my brother tidy our room , we clean the bathroom when we use it , we ca n't eat in the sofà ..
It has a lot of beautiful things how an old church of century XV but this church is in ruins but the new church also is very beautiful and comfortable .
In summary , for me , it is better enjoy at work every day , although you have not a big salary .
The day began as usual and no signs of trouble were but when she woke up and went down stairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
Four years ago I had often cold and recovery long period .
Cause of this was hurt my leg .
We can also say that there are other subjects more important than Physical Education , like Biology or History .
I also can get fun with my friends when I play it .
In our world lives many personalities , more or less known , such a film - stars , music - stars and so on , but why they ca n't have normal lives ?
The good thing about it was the fact , that the band(actually I even do n't remember it 's name)was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even think about leaving the place .
Once you start playing football , on a young age you get really better at football .
When we arrived there , last summer in July , the owners welcame us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge all included in the room 's fee .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and really it will seem to you I you were in heaven !
This may cause people in getting late to their particular destination .
It can therefore be predicted easily that there will be no role of public transport in the future .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example explain well and calm the use of new technology to an old man or woman , at the end , also these people are in conditions to use it .
In my opinion I think that the love story is enclosed to explain better the sinking .
If I had to suggest a sport to do for children , I would recommend it because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantee an upper level of wealth .
I 'll finish saying that even when I was young if my father had asked me if I would have rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would have surely chosen the first one .
Finally , if you get Reading habit you 're going to organize better your ideas and you may feel more energetic , if you do n't believe me , just try it .
I play usually three times a week and I had a tournament last weekend .
On the other hand , I can see also negative aspects of taking a year off .
In addition , recently I passed my First Aid Course , which was quite useful for me .
I went late to the gas station today because I left my keys in the bathroom and I locked myself in the bathroom .
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Whether it would be possible for you to increase the period of one topic studying ? for example 2 weeks for each unit ?
the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working but finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
I 'm really satisfied as there were about 200 competitors and so I would have never thought to be the winner .
Mr. Green , I 'm really keen to know who is the professional film director .
Everyone can not afford a car so public transport would be there but in future as well but fewer people will use it .
After leaving the airport , you have to take the bus number 14 and you have to get off at the third bus stop .
I look forward to seeing you to spend together this month .
They to want better for you , and always they will be by your side .
So in summary to save the environment , to make the road accessible to everyone public transport should have been used and we all should try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
When somebody travels , this person wants to never forget the place he has visited .
But it is true ?
That probably is the reason why the local circumstances are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , exclusive of some infrastructural improvements that made deceases like plaque redundant .
Through the train of Karate , I understand myself really .
Travelling could be a good way to improve your lenguage and to know better Italy .
Tell me exactly when will you arrive as soon as possible !
I am from a small island where only there is a form transport : the bus .
The plot revolves around an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat and mouse , a team compounded of the best four illusionists .
The study guide does n't need to necessarily be a long and complex one ( since those may cause them stress too ) ; they may be just a quick review with a couple of concepts and exercises .
The previous are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , in which most of the cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more .
Always dreaming becoming a great player , playing in a stadium crowded , clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
I want to know if it is available a grant .
If service meets only the expectation and does not provide anything more than it , means customer satisfaction is there but customer would not feel great .
Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts both are considered crucial for students education .
If you ask me , who is the person who I admire the most ?
We saw a boy drawing my face , but I never saw that boy in my all life .
You would like to become a basketball player too ?
If I were you , I would remember always a tip of Michael Jordan . "
All of us are surrounded of plastic , plastic is needed in our everyday life for a lot of things .
Even if you are the best player in the whole world , you have always to play for your team - or else , be ready to be overcame by your foe !
Howhever I like very much walking too .
We like very much the sea , so we looked to rent a little cottage on August at a lovely place in Sardegna .
In fact I was ill all the time and I only could look the sea through the window of my room !
I speak both well English and French and I 'll be free all the summer until the end of October because I 've just finished High school .
In Italy I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months , I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the others 2 children are both 11 years old and back then I had to cook for them lunch and dinner .
I know you 're coming next week to Rome and I would be really glad if you could come to see me .
From there take the bus 45 and stop at Piazza Rubiani , I 'm do n't live very far from there , it will only take a couple of minutes .
There is also a good choice of food for vegetarians , so Mike and Ann will have not a problem to eat .
I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands!. It had all been just a nightmare!.
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you already have started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for having these service guide and how to use them .
We saw also Pirandell 's house , and after this we went to Marsala . during the evening we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we saw a museum and then we moved to Trapani where we visited the saltworks .
If we talk about my favourite sport , basketball will be .
On the one hand , your relatives are the people who will be always part of you .
What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies you , but also is the person who is always by your side .
But which one , public transport or our own car we will be choosing more often in future ?
But , if you are woman and you are lots of money and time you will be always content during the shopping .
This system would also be connected to the Internet in a ' dual output port remote of information ' .
Now you know what is sexual harassment .
First , I showed you what is sexual harassment .
Another thing I would like to know is how much turnover / profit can I expect in the first year ?
We'll get lonely more and more and also selfish , too .
We want to move away the last factory from the river .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you could rely on , despite not always it 's true .
I was just a bit worried because in this class there are 28 students , but they are very respectful and clever .
I think that the students will not forget very soon what they have learned .
It is a great and famous sightseeing place and it also is an important place of Japanese culture .
In addition , I am used to hard working , so I can also help in the kitchen .
My idol was , is and will always be Justin Bieber .
Famous people live completely in a different way than unpopular people .
Almost every their mystery come out and they are still judged , criticised or joked .
So in the near future there will be no longer a use for public transport .
Like every German , since he was a young driver , dreamed being a driver championship with the national car .
In my opinion these arguments depend on how efficiently designed is the public transport system , having in count number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
All these benefits surely will contribute to a better future for all the habitants so let 's give a chance to the public transport .
As for the duration , the internship can last from a minimum of 2 months up to 12 months , being 3 months the period covered by the subsistence grant .
The personal were n't so much helpful , but someone luckily gave me some advice , especially the porter Artan .
Poeple wo n't stare a paint at a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge it only .
So if someone ever is woundering start practising this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
One night , I was talking with my sister about her last trip around Europe , her best friend , Michael , also was there .
However , public transport has also advantages .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels also will be given good price with the delivery service .
The council also has put over one hundred bins around the village to keep clean our streets .
Lining the streets are small second - hand shops , cafes , markets and boutiques that are daily visited by the local people .
An example on which they all agreed was:'In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose next to who you had to sit the most people were going to sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
students who are not allowed to drive still using the public transportation and they will always do .
I 'm arriving at the train station in the morning at 6 o'clock .
That 's for sure an important thing to know for voters .
It is a fact that the public is getting worse year by year specially here in Peru , however we have to think about the benefits that public transport has , for instance it can be a cost - effective way to get to work , so there will be no space for public transport in the future ?
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning so Michael offered her to drop at home and the girl agreed with a smile .
His mother would be probably working , she was a realtor and would be selling a house .
They all were tortured viciously before death .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage quickly brushes aside it and observes a hole in the ground .
She was so excited and happy , she did n't kwen what could she write for her lover , she noticed that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me his name will be Taylor as your fathers ' name , I have always loved you and I always will , do your best , come back as soon as you can because I need you , love Alison ' .
I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter about their interest , should visit the special shops aforementioned .
And celebrities well know that they have to be controversial cause that is the best way to achieve their lovely famous .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm suitable also for the work in the kitchens .
I 'm available every aftenoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , while in the USA is morning .
Nowadays people care more about themeselves and making good things for some of them is wrong !
In that way you colud improve your way to make a relationship with people and also it could be a great help for your theatrical experience .
Personally , I disagree with that the money is the most important consideration for deciding a job , because there are several factors equally important .
My favorite book is right now : " The fault in our stars " because its a really good subject and it is sad but great story .
For these reasons I consider that could be a good option doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in .
During the process people works a lot their legs , mixing different positions and speeds , And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
Only if all of that is guaranteed the motivation will rise .
For the most of men shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for the women it can be the best way to make better their mood , because they are so happy when they buy many clothes on sale , cheaper than in regular price .
Another point is that we can meet more friends or visit our family if we have more free time and that is allways good .
how things are going ?
Shortly I 'll give you some other information .
You may ask why is that .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release them from whole day 's pressure , but also can build up good relationships with others through the communication and exercise .
In this theatre perform fantastic actors and I would like you to see their best play which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
How people 's lives will change in the future ?
I have qualification in children , I am a teacher graduate by University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience in adventure sports , I like the country and mountain .
I have experience with children between aged 10 and 12 , I have worked in the South school Centre for two years .
To begin , the reason for decreasing the popularity of news papers is that most people , recently , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
The television has still something important to show .
To sum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep safe our planet , so we had better start resolving closer issues .
The brazillian educational system should be aware to develop more students ' language skills .
They all were keeping their fingers crossed .
I still think the public transportation system will be growing on in such a crowded era .
On one hand , living abroad will be probably non cheap , so it could be needed to find a job , but it would be at the same time an advantage : working with English people would help you improve quickly your speaking and listening .
And also I would like to highlight that reflects the importance of every decision we make and how it can change our future .
But it is a good invention for the world ?
On the positive side , the use of internet helps us to find easily and quickly a lot of information that talk about all the topics .
The doorbell rang insistetly , It was Saturday , in the earlier morning and I still was in bed .
I still was in pyjama , so I did n't open the door fast .
In conclusion , my main problem is the concern about how safe is the means of transport that I take , so , the train let me to be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
The ball , usually is hit with hands and arms , but also with any part of body .
First of all , the reading passage says that internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will be depleted soon , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
I am going to play definitely the piano for a long time .
There is no necessity to describe all sightseeing in Moscow , you easily can find it in the Internet , I just want to say that I 'm sure , you 'll like it a lot .
There are such an interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would have never expected or unsurprisingly , missinformation .
We now that making social contacts can be sometimes a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and dauting experience .
In my experience , being under the screen of a personal computer will you be able to show and exchange ideas or opinions easily as if you have to do in front of someone else .
description I have found at the http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know are you
I often try to play with the children interesting games , I think the games are a funny way to teach interesting things both children and older people , that is why I invent new methods to introduce the science in the children 's lives .
For example , I 'm a commuter and also I need my car to pick up my daughter from the school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
The car in my quiet village is not necessary and I feel really happy there .
Besides issues that have been already mentioned there is also undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
Not only it is the popular place among young Polish citizens , but also it is very extraodrinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
Grass hockey is a popular sport practiced among people of all ages and it 's more played in countries like Britain , Argentina or German rather than Spain or Italy .
I think that public traffic will be more used in the future .
We have to therefore choose the other alternatives .
Many people around the world follow passionately international sports events .
Usually I do n't watch sports match , I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
Proof that not only you are very determined but that piano was meant to be .
Only after driving for a while I would ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he hasn't told me about but keen to mention now .
Perhaps the next day he wo n't even be able to recall what the speaking was about but I 'm pretty sure that after all deep down himself he will know what best move on is to make ! !
Try to imagine that , if everyone in the city has his or her own vehicle , we would be always late due to the terrible traffic jam .
But later when I graduated , I realized how important were those subjects .
I was able to explain something basic about Ecology that my grandfather had trouble with in the countryside when I went for a vacation .
You 'll dedicate your time only on things for personal enjoyment and it really will hurt you .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that exist inventions more important than the computer that nowadays we still use .
First of all , I want to know what water sports do you offer , because our group of students would be probably interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surf , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
They polluting more than factory does , by using plastic material , disposing wastes in public places and even some people tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
As the only Brazilian president from unprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for four times for President .
To win the game , a good strategy should be also applied .
I exactly do n't understand why people want to learn about private life of politicians and film stars .
Famous people also have got needs .
On the other hand , should be considered this opinion : Some of big names are important for someone who has them like an ideal .
And all the time follow famous people and their families .
The newspaper " Times " publishes an intercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador Dupuy de Lowe that will make him resign due to what he wrote about the USA .
Despite some people would suggest that such service has no future because people are more rely on car as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has its future .
I also think that the following famous people sometimes could be dangerous .
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries where their Government ban to have access Internet to citizens , in other words , they want to mislead about reality avoiding population could claim bu this nets or up in arms against their system .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or the rumor is true Michael ? You have fallen to Miss Jane ? ' it was Nicolaih Heindric voice . '
Is it only him or she was wearing a sexy dress ?
They do not think in money or fame , simply they enjoy working .
There are celebrities that sell their life in television and then do not want to journalists chase them .
In addition I am very funny and always I am joking .
It would be different from nowadays ?
House , which in we will be life in the future , would be full of complicated to use computers and robots .
To be perfectly honest , ever human - being is dreaming of the home of the Future and ever dream is an individual , but in the future , our dreams will come true ?
It 's a beautiful place for every generations in nature and you can spend there all day .
Please write to me back and tell me , if you like the zoo or if you went on other place .
It is known by Human history at least since 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , providing bad or good lucky .
Thereby , the bactericidal effect of the garlic , probably can explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant can help in some illness treatments .
I reckon my weak points are speaking and listening skills nevertheless I would be also interested in working over writing and grammar points .
In this stage , pay attention to the colour , special ink and images slightly raised is necessary .
I think you do n't know our national team .
I think you do n't follow the American news .
In addition probably this project is the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
Unfortunately , shopping also can bring displeasure .
Many people have to travel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tool is the car own .
Students often use public transport between cities instead of cars .
Traditional energies are focus on give to big cities all the resources .
I liked a lot my project and I wanted to follow in it but my project manager was worried .
They think that this group of people has just a better life and things are going very well .
We all are free people and everone deserve to have his own life .
They are even not allowed to have anything for their own .
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
When Anna came back home , she saw a huge bunch of red roses and behind it Mark was sitting .
I had never felt so nervous when about six months ago I decided finally to join the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquires and introducing our school to them .
Of course I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have to celebrate something , for example birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
Of course if the six of us go together is quite expensive , but if I go only with my husband I do n't spend so much .
But it can be also really relaxing and pleasant .
But also women think that shopping can be an unpleasant experience .
There was she , staying front me .
What the hell she was doing here !
Also , it is very important to remember that we have always the possibility to choose what we want to watch and when .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and it could arrive an embarrassing moment and if you have sold a kind of things like this before you ca n't say nothing .
A long time I haven't seen my father so happy . secondly , seeing how big is the family now , many children .
The aim of this report is to outline what are the best places to have fun in Valencia for young people , what facilities exist for them and how these could be made better .
My favourite kinds of movie is comedy and drama comedy because it has interesting plot and person , who watches comedy can lought all the time .
Famous people have been always sorrunded by a lot of journalists and paparazzies who follow them wherever they go .
Not only Taiwan is different from Greece in currency sovereignty , it also wins in government 's efficiency .
They could give a good life to their families and have a dog also called Winy , and all this thanks to the rich man that nobody knew .
Buses are slow and noisy , and when you can get off of them , you are tired and angry , and probably you are not on time .
That girl who had left him in need of time .
Else the ticket for the concert I bought the VIP ticket as well , so I had to go before to Birmingham , because the entrance to the venue was at 17:00 and as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
To make life easier . People always want to make better their life .
There always will be the kitchen , because we must eat , always will be the bathroom - you know why .
And in the home always will be a room to sleep and relax .
My dad took even a photo of us with him .
In addition , with this ages , normally people have more charges , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
Nowadays , we already have things like smart phones , which can nearly do everything we want to .
Even not in 50 years .
She loves us and she always looks after us when dad and mum could n't do it .
This situation only is present in Caceres when there is a rainy day , but in other cities like Madrid , Barcelona … is a daily situation .
I got it from my neighbour and he just was so thankful for my help tidying up his garden week before .
Lanjarón is one of the most tourist villages in the region La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important both for the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
If we all were aware of this and did something to help it in our daily routines , the planet would thank us for this .
First of all , there is no absolutely safety in the modern world .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy is that the garbage needs to be separated into 3 parts that is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycle bins , one for food and green garbage , one for only papers and catroons and the last is for the rest .
The punctuality of trains needs to improved greatly , too .
doctors will be able to cure also lethal diseases .
You asked me what time would i arrive .
However , Mary saw a young man with baseball cap taking away something .
These skills are necessary for us , and they help us to improve a little our ecological situation .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program you can change the channel and watch anything else , if the increase of channels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased also its power of choice .
Many of the automobile owners live in big towns and often they park their cars in the city centres , where they work or study .
The fairies nearly control everything .
The magic of turning Bottom 's head into one of an ass ' , adds more humour to already the self - confident character of Bottom .
She has lot of experience , she worked in a restaurant for 5 years and also can cook .
From Ho Chi Minh City , you could go easily to Ninh Thuan by train and it takes you only 6 hours .
More andmore people start wondering about their health , thing that makes them use their cars not as often as they used to .
What 's more , not only increases it the pollution , but also turns out to be dangerous for our sense of hearing .
During a meeting with head of the department in MOH I was complaining about service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to provide the required training for his all staffs , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
But he is not ready to accept it and asking us to come and repair the unit without any repair request issued . please note that our telephone conversation was only for 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hang - up the phone ) .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
In fact , they hardly ever can defined themselves such as pop fans , rockers , ...
One way of using transport is to daily travel to work within the city , other way is to use it when you are visiting your friends or family outside the city .
People who travel daily to work , usually prefer public transport over own car as it is a cheaper option .
I would like to recommend that the gym opens 7:00 AM for the people who want to visit there little bit earlier and the heating changing room should be fixed .
Today every single person is curious to earn money as much as they can and the interesting part is that this curiosity is increasing day by day so is their income .
These transportation can be easily found anywhere to reach your destination .
The screen will be no longer required for the computers and TV .
I appreciate also that it is located near to the housing estate .
The prices in the shops often are very high and clothes are not good qualitatively .
I have worked in activities out - of - school before and in other summer camps in the south of America too .
Also , I have studied teaching and I practised with my father , who is a teacher . I have done swimming since I was five , so I could teach your children 's camp about swimming and other sports like basket or hockey .
There is a lot outstanding views and worth visiting places but let me tell you about the Warriors Museum .
The red coral reef off coast in Austrialia , for instance , serve as shelter for algea and other sea tiny fishes and index of enviroment fragility .
To sum - up , neither cars nor public transport is considered the perfect option , but considering long term consequences as is nowadays common in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
I 'd fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've been recently given the sack !
Many people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our life ; but , it should be like this ?
Anna opened it and read : " Probably this day will be the best day of your life " .
They together come back home and spend rest of the day together .
Both they are determined to pay more attention to the surroundings .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in a such natural way , that the reader must exclaim undoubtedly , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Homes ' investigation : « That 's it !
The surprise is today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond to each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp , of course , we no longer can wait for thirty days while we can chat and see each other live .
Real friendships everlasted like what I am actually made with my best two friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
As I am in my late 20s I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would neither be so competitive as those in fashion in my country nor demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
Firstly , it allows you to go directly somewhere without finding out the information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
If you travelled by bus or train , probably you would spend more time walking along the streets to your final destination .
Although it has some benefits , in most part of the country , especially in the smallest towns the public transport is not enough developed .
To sum up , I believe that the public transport has no future because it makes you to waste a lot of time , it is not enough developed in small areas and there is not enough frequency of trains and buses .
In conclusion , I can not tell whether or not the control of the people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only hypothetically speaking , without any form of testing , however it does have its strong and weak points .
Especially I like to a first class seat in a plane .
The main attraction in Córdoba is the Mosque , it is a building where are mixed arabic and catholic elements .
Not only I was close to them , I was also doing something I 'm really good at !
The Colosseum is a quite tall structure .
I prefer to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way both I improve my English and relax .
in addition , young ages are observing an altruistic behavior from month 18th .
Every day scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are hable to pollute less the planet .
I ca n't definitely get a full - time job 'cause I want to relax and have fun .
I absolutely love children and honestly they love me ; I think it is a sort of a gift , because not all the people love children and can get on well with them .
Riding means also to clean the horse and look after it , but nevermind , it 's the best sport you can do .
I hold the belief that the topic for me is completely wrong , even some improvements are easy to use and solves the most of problems .
These two day were family days , I had to go to the church to a mess which represent the last alive days from Jesuschrist : the last dinner and the passion .
At least , these weekend I did n't do anything in special , because I feel tired and I had n't got money enough to do any special plan .
Of course you are owner of your time and destinations , but it is enough ?
Finally , I would like to know where will be the camps exactly because I need to buy the flights .
In general all the things described before show how important is reading to exercise the brain .
So , next time when you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need that your brain works faster or be more creative , because could be a good idea to exercise a little bit your brain with reading .
On top of that was there tension at all times .
As I mentioned before , are both the acting and the storyline really impressive .
At last is the character of Hannibal Lecter one of a kind , there is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy , that provide part of the energy to each house the days that the sun shines but if there is no sun the village has a dam beside us which provides them enough with water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only we have hydraulic energy but also wind energy ; in the out skirts of the village there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Shops could give us even 70 percent of sale , what helps saving more money .
In the case of " KD " the running charges come only up to $ 800 and " Sebu " has obviously the lowest expenses with $ 600 .
Two years ago , Peter 's father died so Peter was the only one that knew where was the treehouse .
Peter ran into his father 's arms but he disappeared and he promised himself that he never ever would tell anyone about the secret .
Recently I passed my First Certificate in English and I speak fluently Spanish , too .
I hope to hear as soon as possible from you an interview arrangement .
It will sabe lots of plants and animals , it will save the environment , so it will save me and you .
The Danish measures will be also compared with other actions performed by European Countries like Italy .
I would like to take a meeting with you to explain to you my skills with more detail and also I 'll bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they put in agreement that all the kids of the school did a few placards with inspiring phrases to not use so much the cars and uses more public transport .
Home of the future will be definitely different from those in which we live currently .
For sure the main role in every home will play technology .
The decor will be more modern and simpler .
The three faires lead to the castle a prince , Philp , because he has to do the kiss of true love .
It is also can save the money as the price of the ticket of public transport is cheaper compared to oil cost by using the car .
A lot of people like it , because I think so , it is the cheapest sport .
My first day at ACU came to me as a surprise .
A centre line parts the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is called proudly as Ellai kodu(Border Line)in Tamil .
I think Doctor Who is totally different from other science fiction films , it always has done the unthinkable , the impossible , things that no one else has even dreamed of .
It took me much to admit this again fact .
The Earth orbit , the Moon , maybe Mars - all will be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap for it .
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could meet up later how you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't put up this kind of person who who is in late always .
He wanted to explain to me what was the problem .
When you are eating you can look some birds who are in the trees , so it make unusual and different this restaurant than others .
Furthermore I should probably mention the enormous amount of advertisements that every single day people are forced to watch once they have switched on this box .
As a matter of fact televiewers are not able to decide the palimpsest , but they still can decide to switch the television off .
First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more TV than one .
I am searching the chance to working your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and your company won last year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profit every year .
To whom may it concern ,
In this essay we are talking about above all with rich people .
I am sure only about one thing : technologies will have a more important place in our lives .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead will build only robots .
I would like to think that in the future we will explore more the universe and we will colonise other planets .
Even if nowadays people do n't use public transport , in the future they will .
First of all , you need to preview .If you do this and you 'll have a clear idea about what are you going to learn in class .
Nowadays , in order to have the best for the actual and following generations , there are international common ways for individuals to contribute to solving environmental problems .
Whereas if you are going in there to party with friends or watch a game you get a table at suitable place . I believe that if we all could go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
Second , shopping malls have full places of advertisements and loud songs playing .
The football is the most beautiful sport in the world , it 's the profession dream of almost all the boys when they are kids , when you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
Not only they will be used to telephone , but we could pay with them .
Academic culture refers to the attitudes , values and that are shown by the people who work or study in universities .
You have also common meat and basic food if you do n't want to try other types of food .
Almost everybody has ever thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but we do really know all the advantages and disadvanatges that it entails ?
This have got a devastating effect for her independence and freely living .
This is the reason why self driving cars can be in the near future only something for rich people .
It is common to see during summer many people in parks practising sports , like running , biking , or just doing every kind of physical activities .
There is no need of expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you , and a place safe and with enough space .
It was already night when he was in Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working in an experiment that he did n't know what was it about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
Padel is a sport activity where you can enjoy with other three friends .
However , I think that this transport has some disadvantages , for instance : if in a small city there are a lot of cars , the pollution will increase and the environment will be injured .
So because of this , the placement is always a step ahead to choose for at this question because they will teach you directly more .
However , it will remain in the future as still many people use it or even depend on it .
He even did not remember what has happened and a serious headache made him did not want to get out of the bed .
She even did not want to talk to him after that situation happened .
She even could not yell a word , just looked at him disappointedly .
I have worked two years in a well know coffee franchise and previously three years in famous patisserie as a chef assistant , giving me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge about cooking .
Another think you should take in consideration if you want to live a happy long life is doing physical exercises , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
-drink excessively alcohol
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate cost and in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries are still public transport systems are undeveloped and drive people to rely on private cars .
It has been observed , for example , that increasing the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of congestion severe urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
In the other opinion , the pessimistic opinion , in developed countries like Japanese and Kuwait we do n't find like these problems because they have a good planning , they make ways underground and overground , then they have ways only for people and ways only for cars , finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care with that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
This happens because , not only we live in a big cities but also we have no time to waste .
Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities and the lack of more and flexible timetables some people exclude the public transport option .
Children who have to work and can not go to school , wo n't get a better life and their dreams never will come true .
lacck sense of civic responsibility is lead to bushfire easily .
Moreover , a small piece broken of bottle or glass can also lead to bushfire .
Such research indeed will fail .
Even though the research really can not succeed .
Puerto Marina is more visited than the city center , even when in the city center there is more diversity than in Puerto Marina .
I 'm 35 year old and lately I have been reading carefully all your letters .
Also lifestyle was completely different , the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and several people did the work now can be done with a few of them .
I have two different reasons to explain why I want to study again at BSC in Oxford .
The first reason is because I already have studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience , I met very nice people from all over the world , I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoy my stay in Oxford .
For adults we have a little old museum , where you can live one day like sixty years ago , so If you never have been in one , you should go because it is not cost so much , besides the museum has a kinder garden for the kids .
When I started they were of 3 and 6 years old and I loved to prepare crafts to do with them and usually I had to give them dinner .
public transport will be hardly replaced by travelling by car .
It has been affecting to the environment like climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to increasing the demands of using petrol for private cars .
First of all , if they are staying in České Budějovice , they can spend there at least three days with sightseeing .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre so what about doing shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is for tourists very convenient because they can reach everything on foot .
They can see there 2 brown bears and lots of souvenirs shops too .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , it can be found a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " , opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent that quickly gets busy at the weekends at lunch time .
Also I know Spanish and besides I 'm learning English right now .
Scholars only could enter by a small gate from aside .
I do a lot of sports for example : cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have done this sport since 1995 with my grandfather .
The next time it happened to me such a thing I felt no wind but this particular stink .
My parents both have been working since I was 12 so I had to take care of my little sister , who is four years younger than me .
Lastly , I am going to explain how is our village kept attractive .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories , where they use this technique , but in Budapest we usually do n't use much recycled goods recently .
Still we use plastic bags and bottles , phosphate detergents , throw batteries away .
I have taken courses about First Aid Kit even I am doing a course as a personnel training for children with some delay and disability .
I have been learning English for 8 years after that I sat for FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I start preparing a cetificate advance in English exam even more I could demonstrate my English skill , writing and spoken .
Finally , I am suitable to have an interview if you consider positively my qualifications .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during the working time as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and amicable while dealing with customers .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people has more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advance that older people tend to not understand well .
Also , because of the fact that the urbanization have not helped most countries to adapt the cities into places more accessible to senior people .
The process of becoming this fact real and common in our society began about 100 years ago and what is really absorbing , nearly 95 percent of advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
Furthermore , children street is a result of families troubles .
Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as destroying the farmland too much is a bad choice .
My opinion is that a minimum of money is only necessary .
This should be enough to feel you happy like a comfortable blanket does .
One say that having money to buy the latest gadget feel you happy .
Actually , if it 's the case , the happiness will be only for a short time .
First of all , as dioxides and carbons gases have been increasing ozone pollution worldwide in big cities , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative usages of transportation .
So , if my mental estimates are correct , there should still be enough space available to also place a little armchair , where I could read more comfortably than in my bed or in my chair desk , not very far from the window .
I 'm rather a friend to him than a strict mother .
I am not at all agree with that .
, of course there is future for it and every day more and more .
However , it wo n't be probably be invented after all .
Thanks of learning another language you can have also friends from all the world and you can better understand the culture of new country .
And sometimes maybe you do not want to hear what are people speaking about in foreign language .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will be always important for today 's people and new generation too and in addition it will increase need to communicate in another language .
With technology we will clean our house , technology will protect us , with technology we will spend our free time .
In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see , where are our children and if everything 's ok .
I really appreciate it if you could give me a piece of advice about what course should I take .
The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but always it is crowded .
So , I think advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the watching person .
He attended in a local motorcycle race and won the 5000 $ cash prize .
The old man answered 20,000 $ .
Tom told I can give you 5000 $ but what can I do for the rest of this amount ?
Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they can and also he requested his trainer to talk to the owner of the race road .
Now she is extremely angry after human beings did something really hurt to her .
People almost from all over the world attends to participate in it .
To take account that it has been improving day by day , we can meet the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music almost in every country .
But to begin with Anna for a long time was n't famous at school .
She always was the best student in the class or even in the school for a couple times .
Tom loves asking questions himself about life and thinks that science class is the only that can solve his questions .
Those questions are : Where and how do we come from ?
It was about what problems are we going to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to contaminating our environment .
In particular , I have been dealing for 10 years with children with disabilities .
A few years ago , I had also the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children and youth in a rural area of Ghana .
There are a lot of bergains and cheap items on the market , which very often catches our eye but I want definitely warn you against it !
The Home of the Future - in what ways homes will be different in the future and in what ways will be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
I 'm a 17 years old Italian student , I have a B1/2 English level , I 'm cheerful and hard working .
Italy is famous for the typical food and culture rich of arts and history .
We all know that the Roman Empire affected a lot Italian culture and history , in fact if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others ..
Her birthday was in Friday and they all wanted to go that night to the greatest club in Barcelona to have some fun .
Her friends came back to their country but Anna still is missing .
If you want to meet somebody strange , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge with who and where you want to go .
But he could not travel on a bus very fast in order to reach destination very quickly .
No longer do we suffer from studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we known though the linkage to the huge database online .
Currently there are many means to transport , but if we talk about long distances , remain the most popular trains , planes and boats .
As you arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the South where the beaches are breathtaking , with such a clean water and golden long shores .
I work in the OIL MINSIRTY 's central library on foreign scientific books which concerned mainly in petroleum filed .
My enriched experience in English language and my knowledge in petroleum expression qualified me to work in Training and Developing Directorate mainly in abroad training .
There you can taste our national cuisine bud also their international cuisine is tasty .
We like to talk to her because she always can bring happiness to us .
All in all I can assure you that I would be a great addition to your team of workers for all the reasons above stated .
Last summer I spent in Oxford , UK studying English in language school for ESL learners .
The increase in the fuel cost for example , will have surely a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense while public transport is overall more convenient .
Famous people often are annoyed , because every their action will appear in the magazines or Internet .
A true friendship itself forms on a base of strong mutual understanding and this takes a good deal of time .
Mr Smith was found on the floor with next to him a glass , which was completely broken .
Safity issue is very important also .
The young bridegroom then is involved in a brawl and banished from the village .
The year was 2012 and I had n't written anything until that day - I just had been translating some stories and once even subtitles for a Korean movie from English and Spanish .
It sounded like a quite good challenge for me so after finishing the then lessons I quickly sat down and started writing .
So happy was I !
That moment a bit changed my life because I 've started to write more and more stories .
And the more won competitions , the more proud was I of myself .
Although in some places people do n't speak English , you always can find somebody who does .
I do n't see movies only I look at some series to .
Let me know what is your decision .
Only after having read the explanation it was possible to appreciate the installation art , and to have the complete attention to its meaning and shape .
The only exception is volleyball - I just ca n't play it , I even do n't know why .
Everyone deserves privacy , but public figures should be aware of the fact that the society wants to know about them as much as it 's possible .
I watched almost every shown movie , some of them for more than once .
However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between public and personal transport , because they have both advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel .
You can buy there almost everything : fresh fruits , vegetables , and household products .
Given upon my personal experiences , by taking care pets , children not only can learn to take responsibility , but also can learn to sympathize with others .
The queue you are standing in seems to be always the longest .
Instead the American and French revolutions are important because they introduced the idea of freedom , fraternity and equality , so also these concepts influenced strongly the poetry of the period .
Even though the boat was ready to go Jessica was afraid for it to break in pieces again , she almost could foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
During the first months , he relationship between a mother and a child rapidly develops .
This natural process would be interrupted by the absence of the mother and the child 's development could be in this case negatively influenced .
I agree with this recommendation because I think it 's important for schools to make the same progresses the society does year by year , offering always new materials and technologies , such as computers or interactive whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesting and sometimes also easier .
For this reason , I believe that they have content more reliable .
On the other hand , I personally think that pupils enjoying more working with textbooks because they can do this activity with classmates and they can help each other .
His ' Song of fire and ice ' saga has been brought into the television world in the name of Game of thrones and it is currently being awarded as the best drama tv series of all times .
The result indicated that although the patients were merely robots , out of 98 candidates , only 22% students correctly gave the diagnoses .
In addition , Dickens , as long as Charlotte and Emily Brontë in some of their novels , uses quite frequently the first - person narration .
Fate may play a role but you have still to try and bring out the best of yourself .
One good news is that finally I gave up and bought my first Smartphone .
Furthermore , we will give some examples of clauses that represent better the meaning of our songs .
Consequently , these participants give us some keys to understand better the situation , but actually they just confirm what the girl feels .
The problem is that maybe is too late and she only can wish " I 'd realized what I had when you were mine " .
Ever since I started learning English I have found quite handy watching TV series , especially those which are perfectly subtitled , in order to follow the plot properly .
I argue that , rather than being submissive to the requirements of the editor or publisher , female authors in fact developed a more transparently reciprocal relationship between themselves and their readers than previously has been assumed .
In my opinion , my social interaction balances my life more than does my working experience .
However , I always can recover my energy after having a little nice chat with my family or friends .
In conclusion , because of intimate support , growth in life experiences , and emotional interaction , I agree with the statement that the social life has more of an effect on my happiness than does my occupation .
As a result , I believe that my social life influences my personal happiness more than does my job .
Firstly , shopping may be uncomfortable , because more often than not we can hear there tiring music , saleswomen can be too intrusive and the queue usually are very long .
Hagia Sophia was built as a cathedral in 537 , converted to a mosque after the conquest of Istanbul , now is being used as a museum .
Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; size of 143 by 65 meters , with capacity of holding 80,000 cubical meters of water .
I hope the given information is useful for you .
Not only the background colour but also the artwork we need to choose .
Nevertheless , he is willing to do literary anything to save a patient 's live , although sometimes he goes too far .
The innovative aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal action , for example breaking into a patient 's house to investigate environmental factors , which may have caused the particular disease and hardly ever is he punished for it .
Only by doing so , we will help to preserve our atmosphere free of CO2 emissions , and all the grim consequences they have .
Only in that moment we will understand that we are one of the millions pensioners who need a lot of different services to live as fulfilled and independent life as we deserve .
You only have to be aware of when leaves your public transport and be there a couple of minutes before .
Nevertheless , governments claim that they nowadays are more aware of the importance of health than in the past .
Scuba diving obviously is one of the most exciting and thrilling sports on earth .
But if you take a big journey alone , you 'd better take an old good bus , just like 100 years ago .
Everything was so exciting about helping at this concert .
In my experience I found that people either consider sailing a very boring sport , or a very dangerous one ;
Of course not always public transport is more convenient .
Conduct a survey on a minimum of one thousand people on what features should the website include .
The following day she came back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they werevery curious about the weird Alison 's trip .
Winter sports have always an element of danger .
My daily routine is based on having access to the Internet : talking to my friends , reading he newspapers , the forecast weather , and so on ... I will have to change my life .
Due to the surgery Mr Sharma is in supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and also can impede the air passage that is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
To help in this issue , the nurse should certificate that Mr. Sharma is confortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover faster his respiratory instability ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
It 's necessary to emphasize that Ukrainian music has changed a lot from the time of Independence and now is developed very fast .
I could n't be more excited about being for six months in the UK !
The difference in work meetings between the British and France are that the British want to make decisions and the France way more like a debate , as is written in a guide for Franco - British business relationships .
To my mind , gaining experience of any kind and taking a year gap before plunging into applying for a university course will broaden young people 's perspective to life and will help them become more confident with what they really love .
The wonderland that is described in the book is created through logic games , and , therefore , it is understandable the success it has achieved in the most varied environments .
As the majority of you I have friends who are still around me since many years ago although we do n't see each other regularly , others simply have softly become less important and some luckily have recently entered my life .
Curiously , you never know where will you find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe attends to the same sport lessons than you or simply work in the same company .
It is surprising the amount of nice people next to you sometimes , and it is a question of spending some time to realize that you have now new friends .
At first we did n't know what was it from , then I realized that the cake had blue berries , and I 've never eaten one before .
Patrick performances brilliantly the autopsy of Sam and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving all at once doctors , nurses and patient 's relatives .
Dear Paul , you are right , it is really a brave step but you know how much is terrible the situation in Italy and I have decide to come to the UK to improve my cv as well .
In summer , you can enjoy many activities on the beach and also you can go hiking .
Additionally , I would like also to point out some of my personal qualities and values I believe that are extremely important in this profession such as very high motivation to learn and educate in this field more , great responsibility and reliability , furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as possession of well developed communication skills etc .
From my point of view , my writing definitely has improved from the beginning of this school year till now .
The way I see it is that the grammatical features learned in English course , always can be used later on in life .
For example , when there have to be sent letters in English .
On the other hand , smokers sometimes even do n't realize that their children or relatives become passive smokers too .
Secondly , farming also has contributed to migration .
I would like to give some advice to the people who want to start walking : Take your time , do not want to walk ten kilometers the first day , try first short walks and every day increase the distance .
My friendship with Jessie started the first exciting day of kindergarten .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you never should take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need , due to fatigue or some other physical or pscychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in an usefull way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intelectualy or doing whatever you think that can enrich your life .
Not only the government should make laws to control the situation but also we should do our best not to create more pollution .
In developing countries , there is still a low level of awareness about the side effects of using private polluting cars .
In conclusion , it seems the benefits outweigh the drawbacks of human genetic engineering .
When a student came in , also he was surprised to see so many people inside , but , after a while , he realized what was really happening : dozens of wet raincoats had been left on the chairs by students of another course .
Like the male respondents the girls interrogated go regularly to the cinema .
" What young people are interested in ? "
In the whole , I think that young people have now a large variety of interests .
Like our ancestors would have never imagined that we can now fly in the sky by plane .
For example , a close relationship or a serious illness make us look at the world around us through different eyes , and also they let us grow into more interesting and nicer human beings .
To fly in different continents is nowadays easy but still expensive .
let him reach his working meeting always on time .
It turns out to be now a very welcoming and relaxing place where warm - hearted people live and where I greatly enjoy spending some time .
If I had also a year free , I would only prefer travelling not working .
If you decide to ground in Geneva , I suggest you to visit first the north of Switzerland from the west to the east and then the south of Switzerland from the east to the west .
If this happened in café Noir , probably I could lose my job .
Biology is still a hobby of mine , but I 've always been good with languages and so I 'm doing now something I 'm naturally good at .
I have experience in children Summer camps and recently I attended a First Aid course , so I could deal with a difficult situation .
It gives learners the opportunity to demonstrate different their skills at the language classroom .
I met those boys next Friday and they told me that I had to pass the test initiation .
They asked him about this project and what was his idea .
However , this also is an opportunity to meet up and work with them every week , whose English is their first language , to improve my oral communication skills and persuasion .
Response : Yes , I have experience in international business and I have worked within international companies , both in Spain and Venezuela .
I would say , it does n't matter are you performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timber of voice as if you 're acting as your main character , embody all their treats and features appropriately to the situation .
As a result you can say it is not always justified that brand products are more expensive than comparable other ones .
The reason for my choice is simple and clear : the French revolution was the turning point in the European modern history and , thanks to its achievements , people in the twenty - first century can enjoy civil rights such as freedom of speech , assembly , worship and , the most important one , freedom of thought .
Do you maybe have a friend who you would like to go with to the concert since we ca n't go together ?
In this way I would have the chance to spend my holidays in your enjoyable country and at the same time study .
Not only the bedrooms are rather small , but also are they quite cold , because of the lack of a heating system .
I recommend that a more common teaching method should be one - to - one lessons , namely teacher with only one student , as that will contribute to increasing the range of their knowledge and will be also beneficial for students who need more help in a particular subject .
It 's for that we need to improve our mobility skills and private transport , as a car , allows us to achieve more efficiently our goals .
Have we not lived and learned the skills in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled before entering the society .
School , a place with diverse students along with their attitudes towards lives , might be better than learning merely with the parents .
I was wrong only about one thing : I had loved it long ago .
Life and change have also a direction , an aim : growth .
But at the same time we are working against Nature - let 's think of pollution and climate change - and against our own human nature : distress , allergies , strokes and heart attacks are nowadays more and more frequent .
Also may I have information on which version of the IELTS should I take , the Academic or the General Version ?
Moreover , in Red Square one can see the Muasoleum , which is also can be called one of the symbols of our capital and the country .
It seems to me that the following definitions show an overall context of what is cultural literacy .
To sum up , I do not consider my family to be my best friends and neither they do .
Little known is what was the role played by music in his life and how was his relationship with it previous to his first deed .
Their story was written and folks finally could discover what happened there between the years nineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - five .
Assessment and evaluation will provide information , as well for the teacher as for the students .
I have babysat children of different ages for the last 4 years and have found that so far very satisfying .
During my studies , I had to make several times portfolios and had negotiation classes , so that will be no problem for me .
Granny has grey straight hair , deep blue eyes and tiny nose .
Tone of her voice is so gentle and so calm .
And also she is watching me with eyes wide opened .
Michael decided to blame the dog for the unfortunate incident and when he told his father what had happened automatically he put the dog up for adoption as it was n't the first time , despite of Michael 's attempts to avoid him doing it .
