Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaper and also safer , but some people prefer cars . To what extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
However , my parents tried to make it so that my party was the best and they prepared a special birthday for me and they invited all my cousins and we together we went to eat pizza and they gave me a lot of presents .
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and he also dances with his girlfriend .
I like to feel the ground under my feet is soft , so soft , not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the streets of the city .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it will hardly have any educational value .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car so much .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students , completing summer homework , correcting homework , diligently assisting the instructor , helped the instructor organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also cleaning the classroom , very hard work , but I have nothing to complain about .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my two lovely Corgi dogs .
Another type of public transport is the taxi . Like the car , it is more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
It is very bad for our city because when some new people visit Patras they see these things .
Only by characters Chinese can literature send off its brilliance .
Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
There are many very popular local foods .
Because your order was confirmed too late and that the order was n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it will not be possible to stop .
Through the development of tourism cruises and train vacations were born .
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even at reverse , but he never found them .
If she was n't awake , why could n't she remember anything after that ?
I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
Different experts have talked about this question and so there are several opinions .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people is maybe going to determine the most use of the cars than the public transport .
Of course , she also has a little brother .
I took lessons for six months , and I improved my abilities so much .
In Castelldefels , there are other activities that are less popular , but cheaper . For instance : free zumba masterclass , beach yoga , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use the new technologies this great project requires .
Third , the phonetics classes scheduled on Fridays came in really handy .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to 12 years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun . In my opinion , they are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job .
I am good at working in a team too .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their own small private helicopter .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having a long break .
We went to Long Island because he lives there .
I was amazed at how huge the falls were .
Most students attending universities are away from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization in the huge Sahara desert .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water artery of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy while travelling and it is convenient
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition of the advice to the signing of contracts , building and maintaining after - sales relationships in the interest of customer satisfaction
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option for people to renew the soul and revive the spirit .
And this undesirable waiting time might not be so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedules .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport is perhaps not able to reach .
As we all know , the more passengers use public transport , the less car exhaust is emitted per person .
We live in a world that changes day to day and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
Of course , I had some pain in my legs because I was standing all the time .
It will suit me sometimes , and it will even be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
From several trips to many countries I have made so far , I would say that I already have some experience of travelling around the word .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where exactly we will meet .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , a more or less relaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I think that we should vote on this , because we will have a good night or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know something new about other classmates .
So , I believe we will either have public transport or people will be as they were in the stone age .
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
You just have to deal with the game .
You can either find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Summing up , all over the world , there are famous people who do n't bring their life into the limelight .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how I am going I would not do it , because I have to face all of this .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
That is a good quality of mine ; I learn things very fast and I can also get used to new things .
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them .
Although he is rather naughty , he actually has a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
All the households nearby the public road throw dirty things away easily and do n't even bother about the order of the municipality .
People now are self - centred and very narrow - minded .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or you simply do n't like to drive , you could find it easier to take public transport .
I am very used to dealing with young people as I worked at a scout camp last year .
The thing that most annoys me is that they copy from me and the other good students all the time .
The last day of The Puerquitour was rounded off with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about everything and nothing .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe the other characters psychologically . He focuses on their appearance .
The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing large amounts of waste daily . "
A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of vegetables consumed in the metropolitan area .
They will do practically everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and speak with us like an ordinary human .
I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect ) and Captain of the school soccer team .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain is after such a big effort!.
The geography and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , will surely be taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Environmentally - friendly buildings will definitely be on the drawing board .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four - star hotel for 2 and a half months in Badajoz .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy most , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I have recently graduated in Psychology from the Social Science University and received high grades in both my Teaching and Supervising courses .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what they are saying about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
But I am sure it will come out of this strong and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its fans a magnificent show .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now see their beautiful gilding and carvings better .
Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it can also be the worst .
Also , in schools , I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and have normal people again .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make too much money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
The idea that I feel has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehend how different our lives would be .
