In England , where I live , in Bedford , we use the train a lot to go to the most important towns in the UK , but the trains are very expensive . Me and my family are careful to go off peak because the prices are too high .
Sometimes the staff go on strike and we customers do not know in time . As a result , we can not get to work on time . That is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
When we ask ourselves how we can take care of the environment ,
Perhaps when we are shopping in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask the assistant for a bag or something similar to carry this food or other things home .
So , my favourite sport at the present time is street workout . I have been doing this sport for a long time already .
I do n't know why , but I go on the street almost every day in order to exercise .
But not now .
Because of this , he always defended his mother and always said the wife was the one responsible .
I believed him , but I did n't know how wrong I was .
He booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because at that moment he had n't got enough cash on him .
This summer several things happened to me . I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best thing was when I went to a wedding , because it was the event that brought me the most memories this summer .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
Most of the Metro cities are nowadays attract city - dwellers towards the Metro , not only because of the fare , but because of the time that it saves .
The Metro is even good for the health of the people as there is no pollution because it runs on electricity and it also connects most of the city . As Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
I do sports such as football , basketball and chess , and with these skills , I could help children have fun while teaching them all the benefits of doing sport .
The best thing that can encourage me to open this center is that I have 5 friends in my country who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy about joining me in my center .
Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but you also do a lot of exercise .
Start and then you can explain to me how you are .
I like to play football and floorball , I also like to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .
That is the reason why we are going to plant 1000 trees there .
Lots of hugs and kisses . Please write soon
They can also walk or ride a bike .
Well , ecologists say that getting around using public transport is more beneficial for the environment than using a car or motorbike .
But does it actually have a future ?
I suppose the government have also studied this situation .
Swimming has always been my favourite sport .
Today , I wake up at 07.00am and grab some kind of bread with jam , drink a coffee , but more often than not , just have time for half a mug and run to work .
She went to the train station and got a ticket to London .
She stood there and read the note again . The address was near to Big Ben .
It changes the person in a different way too .
If in a city people use public transport more than their own private vehicle , then it will help to protect the environment and ease traffic as well .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It is definitely also educating .
This perspective on life is inspired by counter - culture movements and some people call these people " alternative " , but they are more common each day and this creates an inclusive and diverse society .
They searched for flight tickets , rental car , and hotel .
Michael tried to think wisely again .
He called his friends back and managed to sort out the mess .
But is that a big problem in our lives or a small problem , or does it really not matter ?
Or do you really regret what you have done ?
after that last point We can not go everywhere we would like using a car .
I am only waiting to go there another time !
Unfortunately , Max was not as excited as his family ; he had never really been into animals .
For example , new computers are smaller in size than the old computers , they are also faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files and other stuff like apps .
In the last year , some politicians have decided to put our city in order . So , for example , they put again to place the roads .
We still have many problems to solve in our city .
Today a lot of people do sports , but not all sports are amused .
He had already asked all the family about this , nobody had n't idea what would be good enough .
Sorry for taking so long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy this period is for a salesman .
But if somebody wants to follow the latest fashion , I accept it , because she just feels good in those clothes .
However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in classes , but it is also related to the quality of education in schools .
My sister is two years older than me .
My father is another important person to me .
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father taught me what football was , and I loved it , but , I really liked the goalkeepers . Why have I liked football since my childhood ?
As a result , we could have more comfortable public transport .
In my opinion , public transport could have a future if we all collaborate to improve it .
One day he had a fight with his sister . He even made her cry . Both of them stopped talking to each other and , after some days , the boy needed his sister Sukh 's laptop .
Sukh was so angry with him because he hurt her a lot . Sukh refused to give him her laptop and her brother started fighting with her again and he even slapped his sister .
The room 's number was 666 .
I did n't have free time .
My family ordered dinner , but l specially ordered pizza and Coke because l love pizza .
If there were only cars in a city , the city would n't have enough parking spaces and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get to their destinations .
Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to reduce congestion and air pollution by encouraging people to use private cars less and turn to using more public transportation and other forms for transportation .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
Information via the Internet had beem more quickly each day and it is reaching all parts of the world .
However , the advancement of technology , besides bringing advantages for everyone , will also cause disadvantages , such as unemployment , because machines will do the same work or work better than humans .
And I also love children .
Which capacity and model will we work on ?
We stayed in three different hotels and , one day , we also went to the sea in Giardini Naxos .
universe is expanding and we still know little about it .
He studied a degree in law at university .
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
And unfortunately , this bad impact exists in almost all areas of life .
Although traveling by car is really interesting , using public transport still has its advantages . By using public transport you 're saving effort . When driving a car for a long distance , you will get tired . Some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
Once you raise it , it will regard you as its owner .
I hope you can take down the photos of the cat being abused and you can really reflect . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .
Because I really love to work with people of all ages , and I would like to have this post and I 'm an energetic and hardworking person .
It will not be trendy because everybody will have his own car .
Television can be a useful instrument if it is used with caution . Therefore , I recommend using it less to prevent damage to the mind .
Besides , it will always be useful for people who ca n't drive .
To sum up , I would say that people will use public transport more and more , as petrol is getting expensive .
It can always make us save money and make the environment more natural and fresh .
From the first time , I said to you that I had a problem with my health , but you answered : it does not matter .
We are here to introduce you to the shopping facilities and shops in this town .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish at green points of the city and they also have to keep the neighbourhood as as as is possible .
Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral actions , as these fetuses are being deprived of their rights , since they already have a life .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teases me , and to be alert as well . Also , it helps me to always look slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well . People who want to start doing karate have to be patient .
Compared to the plane , the train is relatively safe because it can only move on the land .
It was my dream to go there one day .
Yes , I think it can also educate .
They will correct our tasks and send them to us again .
I like Ricki Rikonen so much . He is a Ferrari team driver .
Two years after his essay was released , he would understand that his essay was wrong . Moreover , Michael would want to apologise to many people who read his essay , so , Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , and goes to bed . Thus , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
My school is fine and I like my country better than yours ; our teams are better than yours . England are the worst at football , Argentina rules .
But friends may go away in the future or hurt you ! So you ca n't always rely on them ! For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and , in the end , they go away .
These people , those who live in a city , do not take their own car or do not have one .
No one can deny how very important sport is to our health .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squash , which gives a you flexible and healthy body . At the same time , this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age .
Squash can also be played individually , as two players together , or in a team of 4 players . squash is one of the very nice attractive sports .
After printing well , these sheets are closely manually inspected .
Or sometimes during the day you see horror movies which should not be on .
This attitude is based more on the backgrounds of the people rather than on the system itself .
Even then , you only have to find three more players in this case .
I looked every day for some summer work and I found an excellent option .
They were always so friendly , and so kind ... that it was strange to imagine that ending . But that was the sad reality .
They had to decide who their cat would stay with .
Michael was a very intelligent boy .
Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael opened the door and Mia asked if he had a cup of water to give him and he said no way would he give a cup of water to an old person .
They even asked me who I wanted to go with . They grabbed my hands , wanted me to go with them , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
First , I registered at a swimming pool , then I went back to the swimming pool every day early in the morning .
Initially , bank notes should be considered in terms of the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues . Then , the preparation of metal plates is the next stage . note should be skilled machinists . Thereafter , the next stage is printing . worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
And then , the sheets are printed . Operators have to pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
It has a big mall that has recently been opened , and it contains everything the visitors might need .
On the other hand , the mall lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has recently been opened .
Who are we ?
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantages of travelling by car have been replaced gradually by public transport . The future of public transport is bright .
It is a bit far from my home , behind the petrol station where we once left your car .
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion , people wo n't have a " real life " . Everyone will always be more involved in virtual life , so that they will forget how to talk to each other and how to express their own feelings !
Do not ruin our life . It could all be so perfect !
On public transport , people are obliged to share transport with strangers and we also have to follow company policy or regulations , but with our own transport , we do n't have to bother about these things . We travel when we want and when we have time .
I 'm writing you a letter because I have made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what the film is about and what the experience was like .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there is such delicious food , is that you always want to eat some typical food from your country and in the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat it to excess .
When we use a car , in general , one person is the only person who is accustomed to using their own car , so this is not exploiting the potential of the car .
I was impressed because I ' d never seen such films before .
This report aims to give a clear idea about preserving the environment in my town .
Shopping will also be on the internet ; everything will be !
I would n't mind eating there every day !
The reason for choosing the English language specifically next September I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .
When I was ten years old , I really liked to play football very much . I joined a football team which is near to my home . I prefer this team because my family is not rich , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a stadium .
Fifty minutes passed , and my body was no longer sore .
We love to travel here and there , but this is the place I have wanted to go a since long time ago .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about the apartment . It is very beautiful , not big or small , but medium - sized with two rooms inside , a bathroom and a dining room and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view . I am sure he will like it . to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
I do n't know where the stress of words is .
So , based on what I have written , I think shopping is not always very happy . We can easily find something much happier than shopping .
HOW CAN YOU BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
But there are some problems , like these - how will a lot of people drive who do n't like to drive or ca n't drive because they have some problems with their health .
I ran to help them and we also called an ambulance .
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , it is indeed less harmful , in terms of the impact on the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , whereas each new car means increasing pollution .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
I am so interested in this major .
Nowadays , in school , we learn a lot of subjects which we use more or less in our lives . Some of them are really important , but some of them are just a waste of time .
I think that is not a problem of awareness .
We are looking for a salary range between $ 42 to $ 90 per hour , and only 2 days per week .
I ask myself If I had the possibility to change the world , would I try to do all that in your hands .
The best place I have ever been is on an island in the east archipelago in Sweden .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
If you walk at the seaside in the evening you can also have the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that 's great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .
I suggest everybody should have the same evening walk . You just need a pair of comfortable shoes !
Looking on a wider span , cars are available these days according to public demand .
This sport causes fresh and jolly me and I think exercise will cause me to be healthy . If you start volleyball , you need a ball and a piece of ground that is separated by a net .
Technology advances way too fast and it is really difficult to guess what kind of stuff or artefacts there will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , like flying cars , smartphones the size of a small piece of paper , really thin laptops like a quarter of an inch , clothes that clean themselves or change color and shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances .
Once upon a time there was a little girl living in a small town .
I am writing about the international sports monthly magazine I have seen .
I also like walking in public streets , gardens , clubs and on the shore . When I want to go anywhere , I do my best to go on foot .
I advise any people who suffer from laziness and obesity to try to walk for at least one hour and after that they will like this sport .
People start to play football on a regular pitch . After some time , they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not strong enough for running around the pitch many times .
If you train often , your muscles will become very strong .
Not only will this solve pollution , it will also help us to get rid of obesity .
After we said hi and I went inside with him , he told me that our mom was going on a trip for a week and we had to take care of our little sister .
After some ages we can not attend any of this type of activity because we are all old . So let go and enjoy your youth and be happier .
These 2 sports improve basic human ability to reach the highest capability possible .
The doorbell rang again and he opened the door again . His sister was with him and she was very scared , but there was nobody at the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was loader and he understood everything .
I am now studying Software Engineering .
They think the student can spend that year in a job to earn money so they can afford their expenses during college .
Or the student can simply spend this time travelling .
You and Jenny are a great couple .
Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excited about your wedding .
Anyway , congratulations to you and Jenny again .
In conclusion , we look forward to our village being free from pollution and keeping our health and enjoying fresh air where our children will grow up .
The Internet can also be used to study and to educate yourself ; the internet allows us to read books , magazines and short stories .
The perfect moment is whenever you want ; in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening , or in the night .
In order for this to happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed for our particular goals .
It all begins when a daughter comes to visit her mother and her step - father .
There is n't anything special that I disliked , except maybe for the music which was used .
I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see unpredictable situations happening and likes the feeling of the unknown .
The main advantage of learning on the Internet is saving time .
He has never been the most famous guitarist in the world . He was just one more guitar player .
However , he has never thought of this as a problem .
These are advantages , but we can also have disadvantages from them .
I like cricket . It is the best of all the sports . Cricket is a good mind - refreshing game .
Sam was visited but beside the shock , he only had some bruises .
My favourite sport is handball . I have played it every day since class 4 .
My first handball match was in class 5 .
Before starting to talk about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the thing I love most in my life . I respect them , appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 years . I can tell her anything about my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , she would be the first to know .
About the rest of my family , as I said before , they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends , I do love them so much . The first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other one is still alive . But I do n't feel that feeling of love towards my uncle . I do love him , but he is just my uncle , no more .
Look for a sport to make you feel good and your brain will always be refreshed , so that you can begin your day with any sport to make fresh and after that you can do any job with a refreshed mind .
Then they drank a coffee that give them a lot of energy to construct the building faster . This coffee has an ingredient so that people can live all night .
Immediately , I did some shopping there . I bought a pair of skinny blue jeans and a tight black dress .
Everything was organized .
By train , you do n't always have room for your luggage .
By plane , you can hand your luggage in at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . You can always be sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
The prizes are usually a book and a ticket to the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
At school I always play with friends and never play alone and my friends and I always win .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our lives . Families definitely play an essential role in society . According to the experts , we ca n't create a successful society without creative families , and another specific part of our lives is good partners surrounding our daily activities .
So the does n't go outside in the day , and in a room there can not be more than one candle at a time ; it has to always be dark in the house .
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
In the end , large colleges admit larger numbers of students , so the students may establish more friendships with people of different nationalities . Also they serve the community by qualifying many students in various majors .
There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . When were you last on a school trip ? Where was it and what did you see ?
It is a gripping film , starring Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in quite good acting , that will keep you tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feeling unpasible .
I like this trailer and I think that the film would be cool .
Also , I believe that lifeguard could be a good job , because , in summer , the people go to the beach and they need lifeguards .
On the other hand , people should think about the environment , pollution , global warming , which are all currently warning .
We should think of a better future and try to be environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge amount of pollution which is caused by cars and not think only of our comfort .
In fact , in some overdeveloped countries maybe it will disappear , because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .
Michael had just realized that he had n't heard the alarm clock , so he got in a panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late for work .
Furthermore , they give advice to all those novices at basketball " do n't ever lose the passion " , because if they give up , they wo n't play with the biggest players in the world .
I think one of my favorite sports of all is athletics . I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be better every day than you were yesterday . It forces you to improve every time . Also , it is an exercise that helps your whole body , especially the legs , because it gives them great strength , but also your hands , because they have to be in constant movement , and all the body in general , because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and helps you to have coordination .
I recommend all people who want to run , if you do n't feel like you 're improving , keep going anyway and with time you will see results .
I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor and can fulfill their dream . Many ca n't get what they accomplished . Those players are very famous today .
Otherwise everybody wants a better future .
Another good option is to give them a difficult job to keep them busy every day . But I do n't know what kind of job it could be , because a person who commits a crime is n't going to do something to help society , like community service .
-To begin this course , I want to be sure you know the meaning of art , so I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , and with this you will explain to me what art is .
After 4 days , they all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , apart from one student . Her name was Sandra . She arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , on which she had only written a name in a different style of letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
There is debate about whether everyone should have to do military service when they reach 18 years old .
Consequently , people could be more independent and strong . They seem to become mature earlier than other people who do not do military service .
For instance , some countries allow people to do military service after all their courses have finished .
He went to the bus station to catch the bus .
He took a few minutes walking to the bus station from his house .
Kill two birds with one stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation , because he got his beloved father back and can still pursue his dream of studying in Ireland .
This is a story of horror and comedy combined .
This major involves everything . We always have to consider all the possibilities to complete homework , you have to know the maximum possible information to be able to complete it .
I could only oversee what they do to obtain visual experience and know what surgery was like .
All governments are increasing their policies and laws relating to this topic and they also promote new rules in the daily life of the population .
One of the new rules for the reduction of pollution in the cities is public transport .
These cities do n't allow people to drive in the city centre , and the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .
I am very sad to hear you say that you are going to leave our school soon . I really do n't want you to leave this school !
She put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on her beautiful little breasts , put right her colourful light - minded skirt , took her orange scarf and little red handbag and went to the door .
So we should be aware of the importance of time . I hope not to waste it and to make the best use of it to giving opportunity for rising . Those who waste it , will be left behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
We can also use appliances that do not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electrical systems or buy organic products .
My teacher wanted us to speak French .
An almond is called LOZ in Arabic .
This is an excellent opportunity for me because I want to work as an English teacher .
I studied in an English school and have been learning English since I was a child . My teachers were all native speakers and I always practised my English with them .
I worked in the English holiday school this year and I have learned a lot through this experience .
I live alone , so I always cook my own food .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you . Apart from being good for your health , it can also be a lot
But , why will it disappear ?
Using public transport we will avoid traffic and so many accidents , so why do n't we use it more ?
I think that travelling by car is good because you have your own seat and in the winter your car is hot and you can also listen to the radio .
Finally , public transport involves more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , trains ) fares are increasing every year , and we do not face this problem with private transport .
Now I will talk about the Daruma , a Japanese restaurant that was a very good experience for me .
I do n't really have an opinion , I just do n't know . We will have to wait and find out .
I like cricket very much because playing cricket brings immense pleasure .
I can give advice to people who are interested in playing cricket . They must know all the rules of cricket before playing it .
Usually I was a volunteer , but I was also part of a few European Projects where I was paid for my work .
-Why are we here ? - Margarita asks .
As we know , public transportation is not a direct way to get to all our destinations and it forces us to stop at many stops first . Moreover we have to take another one to reach our destination , so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Firstly , it leads to global warming , since the concentration of pollution is higher in many countries , and actually it is not only leading to but also making global warming faster and can also threaten our health .
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics in the first quarter of the year were 500 and they increased to 620 in the second quarter . In the third quarter , sales stayed at 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 . As you can see , sales were very unstable .
You have to consider this and go jogging tomorrow .
There you can see some of the greatest teachers painters .
My family and I were returning from a holiday that we spent at the seaside .
First of all , public transport is rather more convenient than a private car .
The owner prefers to leave only the TV on , but often the dining room is silent .
Your thoughts are the only ones that will make the difference , so take care only of them and believe in yourself so you can achieve the prestige you 're looking for .
I would really enjoy doing this job in the summer , because I love to look after children , teach them things and do sport with them .
It 's quite a strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and great - grandfather had travelled in time .
So he used to his ability to time travel for his family .
" If you have a great time with your family and co - workers , it is not necessary to time travel .
Garbage trucks pick them up twice a week .
WiFi , USB port , among other things .
I like to play football because , for me , as well as a hobby , it is a way to stand back from the world , from the problems that I have to face every day , and at the end , it makes me calm and happy .
Could you please tell me how long the interview will be ?
It is a time when children must choose which people are good or bad , and which way they will go in a difficult situation . For example , will they drink alcohol or will they have fun without any stimulants ?
It is a little stressful when you have a lot of work . I hope when I have my job I will be in charge of IT department security .
So he immediately contacted the police for help .
Maybe there will also be great new discoveries in medicine that will make all kinds of disease disappear .
Currently , we have got more than six different types of banks on our streets , but as far as I know , it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because , nowadays , we produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we only learn about this in our home , in our childhood . Accordingly , I am one of the few teenagers in the world worried about it , so I really do help the environment as far as I can .
A couple of years ago , I could hardly see any bins in supermarkets and houses .
Nowadays , I see bins everywhere and even a small child of 3 being taught to put unwanted materials in the bin .
We surely pray for the best life of our near and dear ones .
I love the fact that in this book there are a lot of German words , so I could also improve my German ( I go to a languages high school ) .
You can even take a rest for a while to sleep or to have a nap .
The most exciting day of my life was when my sister and I discovered that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! That was a very beautiful holiday !
I had a love affair .
But now , what can I do ? I still love him . My love has become even stronger .
What should I do ?
When I was a child , I usually wore blue , grey and red .
Is n't it incredible ?
First , the graph showed an upward trend for the ice cream van and , in 2014,it had the largest percentage of sales at nearly 5500 dollars from Jul - Sep .
But I think that public transport is the future . We need to preserve the environment , this is an imperative for our world , and the solution is to take the point that the governments invest more in public transport , so people do n't need to get a car to be able to have a job and do n't need it for the normal development of their lives .
Maybe this sounds a bit crazy , but any solution will be good , we must only make our minds up to be able to look across .
I would probably have to be three times as big as I am to even begin to qualify for something like that but , yeah , I enjoy watching it a lot .
She was not even able to lift a single finger tip , as if she had been turned into a stone statue .
You must come , because I think that you would love my country and I can always help you .
The idea does n't matter , only the arguments .
And so the old music changed to the new music .
But living in the 21st century , it 's difficult to blame science when we are benefited through its technological applications in our everyday life to an ever - greater extent .
First , some people believe that public transport is a significant part of our life and it 's more difficult to rely only on our cars .
To begin with , we have to try to use the car or the bus as little as possible and try to get to any place on foot or by bicycle .
One basic solution for this is to try not to take a shower for so long but to take a shower with a bucket and for just a few minutes .
However , we also have to try not to create more rubbish but to recycle most of it .
But Long and The Writer helped to bury the crown again because the shadow was following him .
Michael is a 22-year - old man , he has studied for a degree in electrical engineering and now he wants to put his knowledge into practice .
When he was a kid , he wanted to work in a video games shop , so luckily for him there was a job available at the Play Station store .
In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but I probably spend more time with my friends than my family . I know if I need something my family is always there .
Next , a boat is usually very big , so we can do many activities on it , such as dancing , drinking .
My district makes my village clean and it usually tries to make it attractive with new social initiatives for the community .
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing . There are also a lot of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster .
Public transportation is convenient for some people and some people think the car is more convenient . Finally , we will need public transportation in the future .
I work in an office and have no idea where my friends are .
I 'm thirteen years old and live in Stocksund with my two families ( they do n't all live in the same house ) .
I checked connections between Warsaw and Berlin and she will be at Berlin Ostbf station at 11.10 .
Recently , when I was on YouTube , I saw a movie trailer . The film looked so good , and days later , my friends asked me if I wanted to go with them to the cinema , so I decided to go and , luckily , they had decided to see the film that I had seen days before .
The film is a romantic movie . It is about a man , Noa , who lives in a small seaside town , who falls in love with a rich girl . But like always , the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life , because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not good enough for their daughter .
To whom it may concern :
At home I have lots of books here and in my country , but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look in charity shops and at boot sales , because I can find lots of nice books and pay a very good price for them .
Moreover , we still have a lot of things which we can and must improve , like security , comfort and economic resources .
I have no particular problem helping them , but I often have some doubts about suggesting a place to go shopping .
The reason is that in my city there are a lot of good shopping facilities for tourists .
The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents ' net using only your foot .
He only needed 50 seconds to steal the painting .
This job is great because I also learn a lot of things .
As a result , job satisfaction is a good way to get paid better .
They also have a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents accompany their grandchildren and a red deck painted with some dolls that say ,
Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterize Spanish tourism research epistemologically through the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .
Can we really confirm that there is no future for public transport ? If so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and going to the office , the city , or home and so on using private transport . However we should also think that in the centre there is no parking for cars or there is not enough for all private cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , simply because we are able to save money and time .
A comparison between people who like to use public transport and private transport shows that the former can save money and time but they are also much more relaxed than people who use private transport .
Football is a simple sport where the players must kick the ball into the opponents ' goal . In this sport , you principally improve the leg muscles , but all your body moves .
Public transport mainly means public bus . People used to travel long distances by public bus . It is possible to carry large numbers of people to different places by bus .
Did people have the same opinion that there was no future for transport , and we can only use horses ?
We 're looking for a nice new home , and so , we are very interested in keeping your place tidy and taking care of it as if it were our own .
This week we are flexible and could come over from Thursday to Saturday , and only in the evening the days before .
I promised to learn math for the whole week .
Do we have to buy a special new machine ?
I do not agree with what journalists do , because , to me , if I were a movie star , a famous man who had done many performances , I would not like to be pursued by journalists every hour of the day .
And finally , I would like to say yes , I am against these people , or they might still change their style and everything would be OK !
In Stockholm you can do whatever you want . There are places for everyone to enjoy .
Write to me about what you were doing there .
He thought about how he could solve his problem and finally he decided to break out .
In the city centre we can go to other shopping centers such as : " Passage " , Europe " , " Scorpion " . Last weekend we visited Passage .
If I have an opportunity to go back to teaching English , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
The town hall put containers for trash in the streets and the workers from the town hall clean the streets .
Finally , I can say that with the passage of time we change the way we see the world , evolution comes into play , not only of technology , but also of society , religion , etc . ,
Finally , my apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot more advantages than its disadvantages .
Currently we usually do less exercise than before , because we use our cars to go everywhere .
My mother always told me that my dad never had time for her and my siblings .
Our lawns are also a problem .
My mouth is dry and has an awful metal taste , my head aches , it 's still spinning slightly and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
It was in school , when we were only three years old !
After waiting for 20 minutes , she decided to call the police ; they said " wait for the morning , maybe he went somewhere , we ca n't help you now " .
In my opinion , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . Moreover , I think that it is good because it could help you to lose weight .
I like this sport very much because it must be played with a group of people and is more fun than other sports which you play alone with one other opponent , like tennis .
I have swum in a swimming pool and I have also cycled on my bicycle .
I also went to the mountains with my family .
What are your media sources or what ?
This is due to the fact that Lima , in the beginning , did not have a plan to design its public roads and highways , and it has only been improvising to build them without any criteria to transport its population .
It means thirteenth day of spring . On this day , people go on a picnic and spend the day out of their homes in nature because they believe that the number thirteen brings bad luck for them .
Series can also help you to study . For me , it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch have helped me in school , such as Breaking Bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
I am very interested in the job , because I would like to work for you this summer .
I think that public transport has a great future because there are more people who use it every time .
Personally , I use public transport more and I hardly ever use private transport .
I love my family , we hardly ever argue !
Another thing , in my home there are some rules : my brother and I tidy our room , we clean the bathroom after we use it , we ca n't eat on the sofa .. .
It has a lot of beautiful things , like an old church from the 15th Century . This church is in ruins , but the new church is also very beautiful and comfortable .
In summary , for me , it is better to enjoy yourself at work every day , although you do not have a big salary .
The day began as usual and there were no signs of trouble , but when she woke up and went downstairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
Four years ago , I often had colds and long recovery periods .
Cause of my leg was hurt .
We can also say that there are other more important subjects than Physical Education , like Biology or History .
I can also have fun with my friends when I play it .
In our world there are many personalities , more or less known , such a film stars , musicians and so on , but why ca n't they have normal lives ?
The good thing about it was the fact that the band ( actually I do n't even remember its name ) was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even thought about leaving the place .
If you start playing football at a young age , you really get better at football .
When we arrived there in July last summer , the owners welcomed us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge , all included in the room 's fee .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and it will really seem to you as if you were in heaven !
This may cause people to get to their particular destination late .
It can therefore easily be predicted that there will be no role for public transport in the future .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example , explains well and calmly the use of new technology to an old man or woman , in the end , these people are also in a position to use it .
I think that the love story is included to explain the sinking better .
If I had to suggest a sport for children to do , I would recommend it , because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantees an high level of wealth .
I 'll finish by saying that , even when I was young , if my father had asked me if I would rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would surely have chosen the former .
Finally , if you get the reading habit you will organize your ideas better and you may feel more energetic . If you do n't believe me , just try it .
I usually play three times a week and I had a tournament last weekend .
On the other hand , I can also see negative aspects of taking a year off .
In addition , I recently passed my First Aid Course , which is quite useful for me .
I went to the gas station late today because I left my keys in the bathroom and I locked myself in the bathroom .
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Would it be possible for you to increase the period spent studying a topic ? For example , 2 weeks for each unit ?
The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
I 'm really pleased as there were about 200 competitors and , so , I would never have thought I would be the winner .
Mr. Green , I 'm really keen to know who the professional film director is .
Not everyone can afford a car , so public transport will be here in the future as well , but fewer people will use it .
After leaving the airport , you have to take the number 14 bus and you have to get off at the third bus stop .
I look forward to seeing you to spend this month together .
They want better for you , and they will always be by your side .
So , in summary , to save the environment , to make the roads accessible to everyone , public transport should be used and we should all try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
When somebody travels , that person wants never to forget the place he has visited .
But is it true ?
That is probably the reason why the local conditions are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , apart from some infrastructural improvements that made diseases like plaque obsolete .
Through the practice of Karate , I really understand myself .
Travelling could be a good way to improve your language and to get to know Italy better .
Tell me exactly when you will arrive as soon as possible !
I am from a small island where there is only one mode of transport : the bus .
The plot revolves around an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat and mouse , a team composed of the four best illusionists .
The study guide does n't necessarily need to be a long and complex one ( since those may cause them stress too ) ; they may be just a quick review with a couple of concepts and exercises .
The above are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , which in most cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more problems .
I always dreamt of becoming a great player , playing in a crowded stadium , people clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
I want to know if a grant is available .
If service only meets expectations and does not provide anything more than them , that means customer satisfaction is there , but the customer will not feel great .
Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts are both considered crucial for students ' education .
If you ask me , who the person is who I admire the most ,
We saw a boy drawing my face , but I never saw that boy in all my life .
Would you like to become a basketball player too ?
If I were you , I would always remember a tip from Michael Jordan . "
All of us are surrounded by plastic . Plastic is needed for a lot of things in our everyday life .
Even if you are the best player in the whole world , you always have to play for your team - or else , be ready to be overcome by your foe !
However , I like walking very much , too .
We like the sea very much , so we looked to rent a little cottage in August in a lovely place in Sardinia .
In fact , I was ill all the time and I could only look at the sea through the window of my room !
I speak both English and French well and I 'll be free all summer until the end of October because I 've just finished high school .
In Italy , I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months . I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the other 2 children are both 11 years old . And back then , I had to cook lunch and dinner for them .
I know you 're coming to Rome next week and I would be really glad if you could come to see me .
From there take the 45 bus and stop at Piazza Rubiani . I do n't live very far from there . It will only take a couple of minutes .
There is also a good choice of food for vegetarians , so Mike and Ann will not have a problem eating .
I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands ! It had all just been a nightmare !
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you have already started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for this service guide and how to use it .
We also saw Pirandell 's house , and after that , we went to Marsala . During the evening , we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we visited a museum and then we moved to Trapani , where we visited the saltworks .
If we talk about my favourite sport , it will be basketball .
On the one hand , your relatives are the people who will always be part of you .
What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies to you , but he / she is also the person who is always on your side .
But which one , public transport or our own car will we be choosing more often in future ?
But , if you are a woman and you have lots of money and time , you will always be content during shopping .
This system would also be connected to the Internet in a ' dual output remote port of information ' .
Now you know what sexual harassment is .
First , I showed you what sexual harassment is .
Another thing I would like to know is how much turnover / profit I can expect in the first year .
We'll get more and more lonely and also selfish , too .
We want to move the last factory away from the river .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you can rely on , despite the fact that it 's not always true .
I was just a bit worried because there are 28 students in this class , but they are very respectful and clever .
I think that the students will not forget what they have learned very soon .
It is a great and famous sightseeing place and it is also an important place for Japanese culture .
In addition , I am used to working hard , so I can also help in the kitchen .
My idol was , is , and always will be Justin Bieber .
Famous people live in a completely different way than ordinary people .
Almost their every secret comes out and they are still judged , criticised or mocked .
So , in the near future , there will no longer be a use for public transport .
Like every German , since he was a young driver , he had dreamed of being a championship driver with the national car .
In my opinion , these arguments depend on how efficiently designed the public transport system is , taking into account number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
All these benefits will surely contribute to a better future for all the habitants , so let 's give public transport a chance .
As for the duration , the internship can last from a minimum of 2 months up to 12 months , 3 months being the period covered by the subsistence grant .
The personnel were n't so helpful , but luckily someone gave me some advice , especially the porter , Artan .
People do n't stare at a painting in a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge only it .
So , if someone is ever wondering to whether start playing this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
One night , I was talking with my sister about her last trip around Europe . Her best friend , Michael , was also there .
However , public transport also has advantages .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels will also be given a good price for the delivery service .
The council also has put over one hundred bins around the village to keep our streets clean .
Lining the streets are small second - hand shops , cafes , markets and boutiques that are visited by the local people daily .
An example on which they all agreed was : ' In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose who you had to sit next to , most people would sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
Students who are not allowed to drive are still using public transportation and they always will do .
I 'm arriving at the train station at 6 o'clock in the morning .
That 's certainly an important thing for voters to know .
It is a fact that the public transport is getting worse year by year , especially here in Peru . However , we have to think about the benefits that public transport has . For instance , it can be a cost - effective way to get to work . So , will there be no place for public transport in the future ?
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning , so Michael offered to drop her at home and the girl accepted with a smile .
His mother would probably be working . She was a realtor and would be selling a house .
They were all tortured viciously before death .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage , quickly brushes it aside and sees a hole in the ground .
She was so excited and happy . She did n't know what she could write to her lover , she realised that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter their interests , should visit the aforementioned special shops .
And celebrities know well that they have to be controversial , because that is the best way to achieve their lovely fame .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm also suitable for the work in the kitchens .
I 'm available every afternoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , when it is morning in the USA .
Nowadays , people care more about themselves and doing good things is wrong for some of them !
In that way , you could improve your way to make a relationship with people and it could also be a great help for your theatrical experience .
Personally , I disagree with the view that money is the most important consideration for choosing a job , because there are several equally important factors .
My favorite book right now is : " The Fault in our Stars " , because it 's a really good subject and it is sad but a great story .
For these reasons , I consider that doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in could be a good option .
During the process , people work their legs a lot , mixing different positions and speeds . And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
Only if all of that is guaranteed will the motivation increase .
For most men , shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for women it can be the best way to make their mood better , because they are so happy when they buy lots of clothes in a sale , cheaper than at the regular price .
Another point is that we can meet friends more or visit our family if we have more free time and that is always good .
how are things going ?
I 'll give you some other information shortly .
You may ask why that is .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release the whole day 's pressure , but can also build up good relationships with others through communication and exercise .
Fantastic actors perform in this theatre and I would like you to see their best play , which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
How will people 's lives change in the future ?
I have qualifications in teaching children . I am a graduate teacher from University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience of adventure sports . I like the country and mountains .
I have experience with children aged between 10 and 12 . I have worked in the South School Centre for two years .
To begin , the reason for the decreasing popularity of newspapers is that most people , these days , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
Television still has something important to show .
To sum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep our planet safe , so we had better start resolving closer issues .
The Brazilian educational system should be aware to develop students ' language skills more .
They were all keeping their fingers crossed .
I still think the public transportation system will keep on growing in such a crowded era .
On the one hand , living abroad will probably not be cheap , so it could be necessary to find a job , but this would be an advantage at the same time : working with English people would help you improve your speaking and listening quickly .
And I would also like to highlight that it reflects the importance of every decision we make and how it can change our future .
But is it a good invention for the world ?
On the positive side , the use of the internet helps us to quickly and easily find a lot of information about all the topics .
The doorbell rang insistently . It was Saturday in the early morning and I was still in bed .
I was still in pyjamas , so I did n't open the door fast .
In conclusion , my main problem is concern about how safe the means of transport that I take is , so , the train lets me be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
The ball is usually hit with the hands and arms , but also with any part of the body .
First of all , the reading passage says that the internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will soon be depleted , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
I am definitely going to play the piano for a long time .
There is no need to describe all the sightseeing in Moscow . You can easily find it on the Internet . I just want to say that I 'm sure you 'll like it a lot .
There are such interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would never have expected or , unsurprisingly , misinformation .
We know that making social contact can sometimes be a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and daunting experience .
In my experience , being in front of the screen of a personal computer , you will be able to express and exchange ideas or opinions as easily as if you have to in front of someone else .
description I found at http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know whether you are
I often try to play interesting games with the children . I think the games are a fun way to teach interesting things both to children and to older people . That is why I invent new methods to introduce science in the children 's lives .
For example , I 'm a commuter and I also need my car to pick up my daughter from school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic . Then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
The car is not necessary in my quiet village and I feel really happy there .
Besides the issues that have already been mentioned , there is also the undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
Not only is it the popular place among young Polish citizens , but it is also really extraordinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
Grass hockey is a popular sport played by people of all ages and it 's played more in countries like Britain , Argentina or Germany , than in Spain or Italy .
I think that public transport will be used more in the future .
We therefore have to choose other alternatives .
Many people around the world follow international sports events passionately .
I do n't usually watch sports competitions . I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
Proof not only that you are very determined , but that piano playing was meant to be .
Only after driving for a while would I ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he hasn't told me about but is keen to mention now .
Perhaps the next day , he wo n't even be able to recall what the talk was about , but I 'm pretty sure that after all this , deep down in himself he will know what the best move to make is ! !
Try to imagine if everyone in the city had his or her own vehicle . We would always be late due to the terrible traffic jams .
But later , when I graduated , I realized how important those subjects were .
I was able to explain something basic about Ecology that my grandfather had trouble with when I went for a vacation in the countryside .
You 'll dedicate your time only to things for personal enjoyment and it will really hurt you .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that it is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that there exist inventions more important than the computer that we still use nowadays .
First of all , I want to know what water sports you offer , because our group of students would probably be interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surfing , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
They pollute more than factories do , by using plastic materials , disposing of waste in public places , and some people even tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
As the only Brazilian president from an underprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for President four times .
To win the game , a good strategy should also be applied .
I do n't exactly understand why people want to learn about the private lives of politicians and film stars ,
Famous people have also got needs .
On the other hand , this opinion should be considered : Some big names are important for someone who seems them like an ideal .
And follow famous people and their families all the time .
The " Times " newspaper publishes an intercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador , Dupuy de Lowe , that will make him resign due to what he wrote about the USA .
Although some people would suggest that such a service has no future because people rely more on the car , as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has a future .
I also think that following famous people could sometimes be dangerous .
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or is the rumor true Michael ? Have you fallen for Miss Jane ? ' It was Nicolaih Heindric 's voice . '
Was it just him or was she wearing a sexy dress ?
They do not think of money or fame , they simply enjoy working .
There are celebrities that sell their life on television and then do not want journalists to chase them .
In addition , I am very funny and I am always joking .
Would it be different from nowadays ?
The house in which we will live in the future will be full of complicated - to - use computers and robots .
To be perfectly honest , every human being dreams of the home of the future and every dream is individual , but in the future , will our dreams come true ?
It 's a beautiful place for all generations in nature and you can spend all day there .
Please write back to me and tell me if you liked the zoo or if you went to another place .
It has been known in human history since at least 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , bringing bad or good luck .
Therefore , the bactericidal effect of garlic can probably explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant could help in some illness treatments .
I think my weak points are speaking and listening skills . Nevertheless , I would also be interested in working over writing and grammar points .
In this stage , they pay attention to the colour , and special ink and slightly raised images are necessary .
I do n't think you know our national team .
I do n't think you follow the American news .
In addition , this project is probably the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
Unfortunately , shopping can also bring displeasure .
Many people have to travel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tool is their own car .
Students often use public transport instead of cars between cities .
Traditional energies are focused on giving all the resources to big cities .
I liked my project a lot and I wanted to continue with it , but my project manager was worried .
They think that this group of people just has a better life and things go very well .
We are all free people and everyone deserves to have his own life .
They are not even allowed to have anything for their own .
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
When Anna got back home , she saw a huge bunch of red roses and Mark was sitting behind it .
I had never felt so nervous when , about six months ago , I finally decided to sit the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquiries and introducing them to our school .
Of course , I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have something to celebrate , for example , birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
Of course , if the six of us go together , it is quite expensive , but if I only go with my husband , I do n't spend so much .
But it can also be really relaxing and pleasant .
But women also think that shopping can be an unpleasant experience .
There she was , standing in front of me .
What the hell was she doing here ?
Also , it is very important to remember that we always have the possibility to choose what we want to watch and when .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and an embarrassing moment could arrive and , if you have sold things like this before , you ca n't say anything .
For a long time I had n't seen my father so happy . Secondly , seeing how big the family is now , with so many children .
The aim of this report is to outline what are the best places for young people to have fun in Valencia , what facilities exist for them and how these could be made better .
My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and comedy drama because they have interesting plots and characters , someone and who watches comedy can laugh all the time .
Famous people have always been surrounded by a lot of journalists and paparazzi who follow them wherever they go .
Not only is Taiwan different from Greece in currency sovereignty , it also wins in government efficiency .
They could give a good life to their families and also have a dog called Winy . And all this thanks to the rich man that nobody knew .
Buses are slow and noisy , and when you can get off of them , you are tired and angry , and you are probably not on time .
That girl who had left him in time of need .
As well as the ticket for the concert , I bought a VIP ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because the entry to the venue was at 17:00 and , as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I would n't have to rush .
To make life easier . People always want to make their life better .
There will always be a kitchen , because we must eat , there will always be a bathroom - you know why .
And in the home there will always be a room to sleep and relax .
My dad even took a photo of us with him .
In addition , at this age , people normally have more responsibilities , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
Nowadays , we already have things like smart phones , which can do nearly everything we want to .
Not even in 50 years .
She loves us and she always looks after us when Mum and Dad ca n't do it .
This situation is only present in Caceres when it is a rainy day , but in other cities , like Madrid and Barcelona , it is a daily situation .
I got it from my neighbour and he was just so thankful for my help tidying up his garden the week before .
Lanjarn is one of the most touristy villages in the region of La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important for both the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
If we were all aware of this and did something to help it in our daily routines , the planet would thank us for this .
First of all , there is absolutely no safety in the modern world .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy , the garbage needs to be separated into 3 categories . That is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycling bins ; one for food and green garbage , one only for paper and cardboard , and the last for the rest .
The punctuality of trains needs to be greatly improved , too .
Doctors will also be able to cure lethal diseases .
You asked me what time I would arrive .
However , Mary saw a young man with a baseball cap taking something away .
These skills are necessary for us , and they help us to improve our ecological situation a little .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program , you can change the channel and watch something else . Through the increase in channels and competitiveness , the audience has also increased its power of choice .
Many of the automobile owners live in big towns and they often park their cars in the city centres , where they work or study .
The fairies control nearly everything .
The magic of turning Bottom 's head into one of an ass , adds more humour to the already self - confident character of Bottom .
She has a lot of experience . She worked in a restaurant for 5 years and can also cook .
From Ho Chi Minh City , you could easily go to Ninh Thuan by train and it takes you only 6 hours .
More and more people have started wondering about their health , something that makes them not use their cars as often as they used to .
What 's more , it not only increases pollution , but also turns out to be dangerous for our sense of hearing .
During a meeting with the head of department in MOH , I was complaining about servicing of the microscope by their staff ( almost 99.9% from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providing the required training for all his staff , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
But he is not ready to accept this and is asking us to go and repair the unit without any repair request being issued . Please note that our telephone conversation was for only 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hung up the phone ) .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
In fact , they can hardly ever define themselves as pop fans , rockers , ...
One way of using transport is to travel to work daily within the city . The other way is to use it when you are visiting your friends or family outside the city .
People who travel to work daily usually prefer public transport over their own car as it is a cheaper option .
I would like to recommend that the gym opens at 7:00 AM for people who want to visit a little bit earlier and the changing room heating should be fixed .
Today , every single person is keen to earn as much money as they can and the interesting part is that this eagerness is increasing day by day , and so is their income .
These modes of transportation can easily be found anywhere to reach your destination .
The screen will no longer be required for the computers and TVs .
I also appreciate that it is located near to the housing estate .
The prices in the shops are often very high and clothes are not good quality .
I have worked in out - of - school activities before and in other summer camps in the south of America , too .
Also , I have studied teaching and I practise with my father , who is a teacher . I have been swimming since I was five , so I could teach your camp 's children about swimming and other sports like basketball or hockey .
There are a lot outstanding views and places worth visiting but let me tell you about the Warriors Museum .
The red coral reef off the coast of Australia , for instance , serves as a shelter for algae and other tiny sea fishes and an index of environmental fragility .
To sum up , neither cars nor public transport are considered the perfect option , but considering the long term consequences , as is common nowadays in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
I fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've recently been given the sack !
Many people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our lives ; but , should it be like this ?
Anna opened it and read : " This day will probably be the best day of your life " .
Together they went back home and spent the rest of the day together .
They are both determined to pay more attention to their surroundings .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in such a natural way , that the reader must undoubtedly exclaim , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Holmes investigation : " That 's it !
The surprise is , today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond with each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp . Of course , we can no longer wait for thirty days when we can chat and see each other live .
Real friendships that are ever - lasting like what I actually made with my two best friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
As I am in my late 20s , I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would be neither as competitive as those in fashion in my country nor as demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
Firstly , it allows you to go somewhere directly , without finding out information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
If you travelled by bus or train , you would probably spend more time walking along the streets to your final destination .
Although it has some benefits , in most parts of the country , especially in the smallest towns , the public transport is not developed enough .
To sum up , I believe that public transport has no future because it makes you waste a lot of time , it is not developed enough in small areas and trains and buses are not frequent enough .
In conclusion , I can not say whether or not control over people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only speaking hypothetically , without any form of testing . However , it does have its strong and weak points .
I especially like to have a first class seat on a plane .
The main attraction in Crdoba is the Mosque . It is a building where Catholic and Arabic elements are mixed .
Not only was I close to them , I was also doing something I 'm really good at !
The Colosseum is quite a tall structure .
I like to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way , I both improve my English and relax .
In addition , young people display altruistic behavior from the 18th month .
Every day , scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are able to pollute the planet less .
I definitely ca n't get a full - time job 'cause I want to relax and have fun .
I absolutely love children and they honestly love me ; I think it is a sort of a gift , because not all people love children and can get on well with them .
Riding also means cleaning the horse and looking after it , but never mind , it 's the best sport you can do .
I hold the belief that the topic is completely wrong for me , even if some improvements are easy to use and solve most problems .
Those two day were family days . I had to go to the church to a mess which represents the last days alive of Jesus Christ : the last supper and the passion .
At least , this weekend I did n't do anything special , because I felt tired and I had n't got enough money to make any special plans .
Of course , you are in control of your time and destinations , but is it enough ?
Finally , I would like to know where the camps will be exactly because I need to book the flights .
In general , all the things described above show how important reading is to exercise the brain .
So , next time you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need your brain to work faster or be more creative , because it could be a good idea to exercise your brain a little bit by reading .
On top of that , there was tension at all times .
As I mentioned before , both the acting and the storyline are really impressive .
Finally , the character of Hannibal Lecter is one of a kind . There is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) . Every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy that provides part of the energy to each house on the days that the sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a dam beside it which provides us with enough water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic energy , but also wind energy ; on the outskirts of the village , there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Shops could even give us a 70 percent sale , which helps to save more money .
In the case of " KD " , the running costs only come to $ 800 , and " Sebu " obviously has the lowest expenses , at $ 600 .
Two years ago , Peter 's father had died , so Peter was the only one that knew where the treehouse was .
Peter ran into his father 's arms , but he disappeared and he promised himself that he would never ever tell anyone about the secret .
I recently passed my First Certificate in English and I speak Spanish fluently , too .
I hope to hear from you as soon as possible with an interview appointment .
It will save lots of plants and animals . It will save the environment , so it will save you and me .
The Danish measures will also be compared with other actions taken by European countries like Italy .
I would like to have a meeting with you to explain my skills to you in more detail and I 'll also bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they agreed that all the kids in the school would make a few placards with inspiring phrases about not using cars so much and using public transport more .
Homes of the future will definitely be different from those in which we live currently .
For sure , technology will play the main role in every home .
The decor will be simpler and more modern .
The three fairies lead a prince , Philp , to the castle because he has to give the kiss of true love .
It can also save money as a price of the ticket for public transport is cheaper compared to oil costs for using a car .
A lot of people like it , I think because it is the cheapest sport .
My first day at ACU came as a surprise to me .
A central line divides the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is proudly called Ellai kodu(Border Line ) in Tamil .
I think Doctor Who is totally different from other science fiction films . It has always done the unthinkable , the impossible , things that no one else has even dreamed of .
It took me a lot of to admit this fact again .
The Earth , the Moon , maybe Mars , will all be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap towards it .
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over and could we meet up later , you can imagine how angry he made me , because I ca n't put up this kind of person who is always late .
He wanted to explain to me what the problem was .
When you are eating you can see some birds that are in the trees , so it makes this restaurant unusual and different than others .
Furthermore , I should probably mention the enormous number of advertisements that people are forced to watch every single day once they have switched on this box .
As a matter of fact , viewers are not able to decide the script , but they can still decide to switch the television off .
First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : a computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more than one TV .
I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improve your profits every year .
To whom it may concern ,
In this essay we are talking above all about rich people .
I am only sure about one thing : technologies will have a more important place in our lives .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead , we will only build robots .
I would like to think that in the future we will explore the universe more and we will colonise other planets .
Even if people do n't use public transport nowadays , in the future they will .
First of all , you need to preview . If you do this , you 'll have a clear idea about what you are going to learn in class .
Nowadays , in order to have the best for the current and future generations , there are common international ways for individuals to contribute to solving environmental problems .
Whereas if you are going there to party with friends or watch a game , you get a table in a suitable place . I believe that if we could all go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
Second , shopping malls have places full of advertisements and loud songs playing .
Football is the most beautiful sport in the world . It 's the dream profession of almost all boys when they are kids . When you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
Not only will they be used to telephone , but we could pay with them too .
Academic culture refers to the attitudes and values that are shown by the people who work or study at universities .
You also have common meats and basic food if you do n't want to try other types of food .
Almost everybody has at some time thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but do we really know all the advantages and disadvantages that it entails ?
This has a devastating effect on their independence and living freely .
This is the reason why self - driving cars may be something only for rich people in the near future .
During summer it is common to see many people in parks practising sports , like running , cycling , or just doing every kind of physical activity .
There is no need for expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you and a safe place with enough space .
It was already night when he was at Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working on an experiment and he did n't know what it was about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
Padel is a sports activity you can enjoy with three other friends .
However , I think that this mode of transport has some disadvantages . For instance , if there are a lot of cars in a small city , pollution will increase and the environment will be damaged .
So because of this , the placement is always a step ahead to choose at this question because they will teach you more directly .
However , it will remain in the future , as many people still use it or even depend on it .
He did not even remember what had happened and a serious headache made him not want to get out of bed .
She did not even want to talk to him after that situation happened .
She could not even yell a word , just looked at him disappointedly .
I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
Another thing you should take into consideration if you want to live a long happy life is doing physical exercise , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
-drink alcohol excessively
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate costs and , in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries , public transport systems are still undeveloped and compel people to rely on private cars .
It has been observed , for example , that the increase in the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of severe congestion in urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
On the other hand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries like Japan and Kuwait we do n't find problems like these because they have good planning , they make routes underground and overground , then they have routes only for people and routes only for cars . Finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care about that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
This happens because , not only do we live in big cities , but we also have no time to waste .
Considering that companies are now moving to the outskirts of cities and there is a lack of more flexible timetables , some people discount the public transport option .
Children who have to work and can not go to school wo n't get a better life and their dreams will never come true .
The lack of a sense of civic responsibility leads easily to bushfire .
Moreover , a small piece of broken bottle or glass can also lead to a bushfire .
Such research will indeed fail .
Even though the research can not really succeed .
Puerto Marina is visited more than the city center , even though in the city center there is more variety than in Puerto Marina .
I 'm 35 year old and lately I have been carefully reading all your letters .
Also , the lifestyle was completely different ; the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and many people did work that can now be done by a few of them .
I have two different reasons to explain why I want to study at BSC in Oxford again .
The first reason is that I have already studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience . I met very nice people from all over the world . I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoyed my stay in Oxford .
For adults , we have a little old museum where you can live one day like sixty years ago . So , if you have never been in one , you should go , because it does not cost very much . Besides , the museum has a kindergarten for the kids .
When I started , they were 3 and 6 years old and I loved preparing crafts to do with them and I usually had to give them dinner .
public transport will hardly be replaced by travelling by car .
It has been affecting the environment , causing climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to the increasing demand for using petrol for private cars .
First of all , if they are staying in esk Budjovice , they can spend at least three days there sightseeing .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre , so what about going shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is very convenient for tourists because they can reach everything on foot .
They can see 2 brown bears there and lots of souvenir shops too .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , you will find a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " . Opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent it quickly getting busy at lunch time at the weekends .
I also know Spanish and , in addition , I 'm learning English right now .
Scholars could only enter by a small gate from the side .
I do a lot of sports , for example , cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have been doing this sport with my grandfather since 1995 .
The next time such a thing happened to me I felt no wind but smelled this particular stink .
My parents have both been working since I was 12 , so I had to take care of my little sister , who is four years younger than me .
Lastly , I am going to explain how our village is kept attractive .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories where they use this technique , but in Budapest we do n't usually use many recycled goods these days .
We still use plastic bags and bottles , phosphate detergents , throw batteries away .
I have taken courses in First Aid and I am even doing a course as a personnel trainer for children with some delay and disability .
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I passed the exam , I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more , both written and spoken .
Finally , I am available to have an interview if you consider my qualifications positively .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during my time working as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and approachable when dealing with customers .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people have more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advances that older people tend not to understand well .
Also , because of the fact that urbanization has not helped most countries to adapt the cities into more accessible places for senior citizens .
The process of this fact becoming real and common in our society began about 100 years ago , and what is really interesting , nearly 95 percent of people in advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
Furthermore , street children are a result of family troubles .
Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as making them aware that destroying too much farmland is a bad choice .
My opinion is that only a minimum of money is necessary .
This should be enough to make you feel happy like a comfortable blanket does .
Some say that having money to buy the latest gadget makes you feel happy .
Actually , if that 's the case , the happiness will only be for a short time .
First of all , as dioxides and carbon gases have been increasing ozone pollution in big cities worldwide , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative use of transportation .
So , if my mental estimates are correct , there should still be enough space available to also place a little armchair , where I could read more comfortably than in my bed or in my desk chair , not very far from the window .
I 'm a friend to him rather than a strict mother .
I do not agree with that at all .
Of course there is a future for it , and more and more every day .
However , it probably wo n't be invented after all .
Thanks to learning another language , you can also have friends from all over the world and you can better understand the culture of a new country .
And sometimes maybe you do not want to hear what people are speaking about in a foreign language .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will always be important for today 's people and the next generation too , and in addition , the need to communicate in another language will increase .
With technology we will clean our house , technology will protect us , we will spend our free time with technology .
In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see where our children are and if everything 's OK .
I would really appreciate it if you could give me a piece of advice about what course I should take .
The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but it is always crowded .
So , I think the advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the person watching .
He competed in a local motorcycle race and won the $ 5000 cash prize .
The old man answered $ 20,000 .
Tom told him " I can give you $ 5000 but what can I do for the rest of the amount ?
Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they could and he also asked his trainer to talk to the owner of the race track .
Now , she is extremely angry because human beings did something to really hurt her .
People from almost all over the world attend to participate in it .
To take account that it has been improving day by day , we can notice the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music in almost every country .
But to begin with , for a long time Anna was n't popular at school .
She was always the best student in the class or even in the school a couple times .
Tom loves asking himself questions about life and thinks that science class is the only thing that can answer his questions .
Those questions are : where do we come from and how ?
It was about what problems we are going to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to polluting our environment .
In particular , I have been dealing with children with disabilities for 10 years .
A few years ago , I also had the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children and young people in a rural area of Ghana .
There are a lot of bargains and cheap items on the market , which very often catch our eye , but I definitely want to warn you against them !
The Home of the Future - in what ways will homes be different in the future and in what ways will they be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
I 'm a 17-year - old Italian student . I have a B1/2 level English . I 'm cheerful and hard working .
Italy is famous for its typical food and rich culture of arts and history .
We all know that the Roman Empire affected Italian culture and history a lot . In fact , if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others .
Her birthday was on Friday and they all wanted to go to the greatest club in Barcelona that night to have some fun .
Her friends came back to their country , but Anna is still missing .
If you want to meet a stranger , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge of where you want to go and who with .
But he could not travel very fast on a bus in order to reach his destination very quickly .
No longer do we suffer studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we know through a link to the huge online database .
Currently there are many means of transport , but if we talk about long distances , trains , planes and boats remain the most popular .
As you will arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the south , where the beaches are breathtaking , with such clean water and long golden shores .
I worked in the OIL MINISTRY 's central library on foreign scientific books which mainly concerned the petroleum field .
My enriched experience in the English language and my knowledge of petroleum expressions qualified me to work in the Training and Developing Directorate mainly in training abroad .
There you can taste our national cuisine but their international cuisine is also tasty .
We like to talk to her because she can always bring us happiness .
All in all , I can assure you that I would be a great addition to your team of workers for all the reasons stated above .
I spent last summer in Oxford , UK , studying English at a language school for ESL learners .
The increase in the fuel cost , for example , will surely have a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense , while public transport is more convenient overall .
Famous people often are annoyed , because their every action will appear in the magazines or on the Internet .
A true friendship forms itself on a foundation of strong mutual understanding and this takes a good deal of time .
Mr Smith was found on the floor with a glass next to him which was completely broken .
Safety issues are also very important .
The young bridegroom is then involved in a brawl and banished from the village .
The year was 2012 , and I had n't written anything until that day - I had just been translating some stories and , once , even subtitles for a Korean movie from English and Spanish .
It sounded like quite a good challenge for me , so after finishing the lessons , I quickly sat down and started writing .
I was so happy !
That moment changed my life a bit because I 've started to write more and more stories .
And the more I won competitions , the more proud I was of myself .
Although in some places people do n't speak English , you can always find somebody who does .
I do n't watch only movies , I watch some series to .
Let me know what your decision is .
Only after having read the explanation was it possible to appreciate the installation art , and to have a complete understanding of its meaning and shape .
The only exception is volleyball - I just ca n't play it , I do n't even know why .
Everyone deserves privacy , but public figures should be aware of the fact that society wants to know as much about them as it 's possible .
I watched almost every movie shown , some of them more than once .
However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between public and private transport , because they both have advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel to .
You can buy almost everything there : fresh fruits , vegetables , and household products .
Based upon my personal experiences , by taking care of pets , children can not only learn to take responsibility , but can also learn to sympathize with others .
The queue you are standing in always seems to be the longest .
In contrast , the American and French revolutions are important because they introduced the ideas of freedom , fraternity and equality , so these concepts also strongly influenced the poetry of the period .
Even though the boat was ready to go , Jessica was afraid of it breaking into pieces again . She could almost foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
During the first months , the relationship between a mother and a child develops rapidly .
This natural process would be interrupted by the absence of the mother and the child 's development could be negatively influenced in this case .
I agree with this recommendation because I think it 's important for schools to make the same progress society does year by year , always offering new materials and technologies , such as computers or interactive whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesting and sometimes also easier .
For this reason , I believe that they have more reliable content .
On the other hand , I personally think that pupils enjoy working with textbooks more because they can do this activity with classmates and they can help each other .
His ' Song of fire and ice ' saga has been brought into the television world with the title Game of Thrones and it is currently receiving awards as the best TV drama series of all time .
The result indicated that although the patients were merely robots , out of 98 candidates , only 22% of students gave the diagnoses correctly .
In addition , Dickens , as well as Charlotte and Emily Bront in some of their novels , quite frequently uses first - person narration .
Fate may play a role , but you still have to try and bring out the best in yourself .
One piece of good news is that I finally gave in and bought my first Smartphone .
Furthermore , we will give some examples of clauses that represent the meaning of our songs better .
Consequently , these participants give us some keys to understand the situation better , but actually they just confirm what the girl feels .
The problem is that maybe it is too late and she can only wish " I 'd realized what I had when you were mine " .
Ever since I started learning English , I have found watching TV series quite handy , especially those which are perfectly subtitled , in order to follow the plot properly .
I argue that , rather than being submissive to the requirements of the editor or publisher , female authors in fact developed a more transparently reciprocal relationship between themselves and their readers than has previously been assumed .
In my opinion , my social interaction balances my life more than my working experience does .
However , I can always recover my energy after having a nice little chat with my family or friends .
In conclusion , because of intimate support , growth in life experiences , and emotional interaction , I agree with the statement that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness than my occupation does .
As a result , I believe that my social life influences my personal happiness more than my job does .
Firstly , shopping may be uncomfortable , because more often than not we can hear tiring music there , saleswomen can be too intrusive and the queues are usually very long .
Hagia Sophia was built as a cathedral in 537 , converted to a mosque after the conquest of Istanbul , and is now being used as a museum .
Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; 143 by 65 meters , with a holding capacity of 80,000 cubic meters of water .
I hope the information given is useful for you .
Not only the background colour , but we also need to choose the artwork .
Nevertheless , he is willing to do literally anything to save a patient 's life , although he sometimes goes too far .
The innovative aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal actions , for example breaking into a patient 's house to investigate environmental factors which may have caused the particular disease , and he is hardly ever punished for it .
Only by doing so will we help to keep our atmosphere free of CO2 emissions and all the grim consequences they have .
Only in that moment will we understand that we are one of the millions of pensioners who need a lot of different services to live as fulfilled and independent a life as we deserve .
You only have to be aware of when your public transport leaves and be there a couple of minutes before .
Nevertheless , governments claim that nowadays they are more aware of the importance of health than in the past .
Scuba diving is obviously one of the most exciting and thrilling sports on earth .
But if you take a big journey alone , you 'd better take the good old bus , just like 100 years ago .
Everything about helping at this concert was so exciting .
I find that people consider sailing either a very boring sport , or a very dangerous one ;
Of course , public transport is not always more convenient .
Conduct a survey on a minimum of one thousand people on what features the website should include .
The following day , she went back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they were very curious about Alison 's weird trip .
Winter sports always have an element of danger .
My daily routine is based on having access to the Internet : talking to my friends , reading the newspapers , the weather forecast , and so on ... I will have to change my life .
Due to the surgery , Mr Sharma is in a supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and can also impede the air passage , This is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
To help with this issue , the nurse should make certain that Mr. Sharma is comfortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover from his respiratory instability faster ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
It 's necessary to emphasize that Ukrainian music has changed a lot from the time of Independence and is now developing very fast .
I could n't be more excited about being in the UK for six months !
The difference in work meetings between the British and French are that the British want to make decisions and the French like a debate way more , as is written in a guide to Franco - British business relationships .
To my mind , gaining experience of any kind and taking a gap year before plunging into applying for a university course will broaden young people 's perspective on life and will help them become more confident about what they really love .
The wonderland that is described in the book is created through logic games , and , therefore , the success it has achieved in the most varied environments is understandable .
Like the majority of you , I have friends who are still around me since many years ago , although we do n't see each other regularly , others have simply slowly become less important and some , luckily , have recently entered my life .
Curiously , you never know where you will find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe go to the same sports lessons as you or simply work in the same company .
It is surprising the amount of nice people around you sometimes , and it is a question of spending some time to realize that you now have new friends .
At first , we did n't know what it was from , then I realized that the cake had blueberries , and I 'd never eaten one before .
Patrick performs the autopsy of Sam brilliantly and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving doctors , nurses and patients ' relatives .
Dear Paul , you are right , it is really a brave step but you know how terrible the situation in Italy is and I have decided to come to the UK to improve my CV as well .
In summer , you can enjoy many activities on the beach and you can also go hiking .
Additionally , I would like also to point out some of my personal qualities and values that I believe are extremely important in this profession , such as very high motivation to learn and educate more in this field , great responsibility and reliability . Furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as having well developed communication skills etc .
From my point of view , my writing has definitely improved since the beginning of this school year .
The way I see it is that the grammatical features learned on the English course , can always be used later on in life .
For example , when letters have to be sent in English .
On the other hand , smokers sometimes do n't even realize that their children or relatives become passive smokers too .
Secondly , farming has also contributed to migration .
I would like to give some advice to people who want to start walking : take your time , do not try to walk ten kilometers the first day . Try short walks first and every day increase the distance .
My friendship with Jessie started on the exciting first day of kindergarten .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you should never take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need to , due to fatigue or for some other physical or psychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in a useful way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intellectually or doing whatever you think can enrich your life .
Not only should the government make laws to control the situation , but also we should do our best not to create more pollution .
In developing countries , there is still a low level of awareness about the side effects of using polluting private cars .
In conclusion , it seems the benefits of human genetic engineering outweigh the drawbacks .
When a student came in , he was also surprised to see so many people inside , but , after a while , he realized what was really happening : dozens of wet raincoats had been left on the chairs by students of another course .
Like the male respondents , the girls questioned go to the cinema regularly .
" What are young people interested in ? "
On the whole , I think that young people now have a wide variety of interests .
Like our ancestors would never have imagined that we could now fly in the sky by plane .
For example , a close relationship or a serious illness makes us look at the world around us through different eyes , and they also let us grow into more interesting and nicer human beings .
Flying to different continents is easy nowadays but still expensive .
let him always reach his working meeting on time .
It turns out now to be a very welcoming and relaxing place where warm - hearted people live and where I greatly enjoy spending some time .
If I also had a year free , I would only want to travel , not work .
If you decide to base yourself in Geneva , I suggest you first visit the north of Switzerland from the west to the east and then the south of Switzerland from the east to the west .
If this happened in Cafe Noir , I could probably lose my job .
Biology is still a hobby of mine , but I 've always been good at languages and so I 'm doing something I 'm naturally good at now .
I have experience of children 's Summer camps and I recently attended a First Aid course , so I could deal with a difficult situation .
It gives learners the opportunity to demonstrate their different skills in the language classroom .
I met those boys the next Friday and they told me that I had to pass the initiation test .
They asked him about this project and what his idea was .
However , this is also an opportunity to meet up and work every week with people for whom English is their first language , to improve my oral communication skills and persuasion .
Response : Yes , I have experience in international business and I have worked for international companies , in both Spain and Venezuela .
I would say , it does n't matter whether you are performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timbre of voice as if you 're acting your main character , embody all their traits and features appropriately to the situation .
As a result , we can say it is not always justified that branded products are more expensive than other comparable ones .
The reason for my choice is simple and clear : the French revolution was the turning point in modern European history and , thanks to its achievements , people in the twenty - first century can enjoy civil rights such as freedom of speech , assembly , worship and , the most important one , freedom of thought .
Do you maybe have a friend who you would like to go to the concert with since we ca n't go together ?
In this way , I would have the chance to spend my holidays in your enjoyable country and study at the same time .
Not only are the bedrooms rather small , but they are also quite cold , because of the lack of a heating system .
I recommend that a more common teaching method should be one - to - one lessons , namely teacher with only one student , as that will contribute to increasing the range of their knowledge and will also be beneficial for students who need more help in a particular subject .
It 's because of that we need to improve our mobility and private transport , such as a car , allows us to achieve our goals more efficiently .
If we have not lived and learned the skills in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled before entering society .
School , a place with diverse students along with diverse attitudes towards life , might be better than merely learning with parents .
I was wrong about only one thing : I had loved it long ago .
Life and change also have a direction , an aim : growth .
But at the same time , we are working against nature - let 's think of pollution and climate change - and against our own human nature : distress , allergies , strokes and heart attacks are more and more frequent nowadays .
Also , may I have information on which version of the IELTS exam I should take ; the Academic or the General Version ?
Also , in Red Square one can see the Mausoleum , which is can also be called one of the symbols of our capital and the country .
It seems to me that the following definitions show an overall context of what cultural literacy is .
To sum up , I do not consider my family to be my best friends and neither do they .
Little known is what the role played by music was in his life and what his relationship with it was prior to his first deed .
Their story has been written and people could finally discover what happened there between the years nineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - five .
Assessment and evaluation will provide information , for the teacher as well as for the students .
I have babysat children of different ages for the last 4 years and have found that very satisfying so far .
During my studies , I had to make portfolios several times and had negotiation classes , so that will be no problem for me .
Granny has straight grey hair , deep blue eyes and a tiny nose .
Her tone of voice is so gentle and so calm .
And she is also watching me with eyes wide open .
Michael decided to blame the dog for the unfortunate incident and when he told his father what had happened , he automatically put the dog up for adoption as it was n't the first time , despite Michael 's attempts to avoid him doing it .
