public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational value .
So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody .
What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely two Corgi dogs .
Other transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
There are many local foods very popular .
Because your order was confirmed at too late and I that the order was n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after that ?
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Different experts had talked about this question and there are so several opinions .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate the most use of the cars than the public transport .
Of course , she has also a little brother .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this great project requires .
Third , phonetic classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good too at working in a team .
I know that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a break time .
We went to long island because there he lives .
I was amazed of how huge were the falls .
Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
Egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit for people .
And this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhausts are emitted per person .
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
Of course I had some pain in my legs because all the time I was standing .
It will suit me sometimes , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggresive .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the word .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where will we meet exactly .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
She went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
Just you have to deal with the game .
Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Summing up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring into the limelight their life .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
That is a good quality of mine , I learn thing very fast and I also can get used to new thing .
So , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a privte life and the ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
All the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do n't bother about the order of the municipality .
People are now self - centred and very narrow minded .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout camp .
The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students .
The last day of The Puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
They will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effort!.
Geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Environmentally friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four stars hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in both my Teaching and Supervising Courses .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent show .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now better see their beautiful gilding and carvings .
Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't rembember is that it could be also the worst .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehend now our lives would be different .
